
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.458202                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                458201684000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               458201684000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 111882                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   206882                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               61997502                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 341328                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7390.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   826877109                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1528988701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            201408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24476096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             24677504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       201408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          201408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     18788864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          18788864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               3147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             382439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                385586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          293576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               293576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               439562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             53417735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                53857297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          439562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             439562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          41005663                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               41005663                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          41005663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              439562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            53417735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               94862960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        385586                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       293576                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         810414                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     24677504                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  18788864                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               24677504                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               18788864                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      149                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite             131239                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 24063                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 26436                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 24657                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 24489                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 23219                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 23674                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 24391                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 24210                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 23623                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 23844                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                24783                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                24073                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                23240                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                22943                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                23791                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                24001                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 18525                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 19821                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 18940                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 18905                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 18028                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 18411                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 18971                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 18943                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 18544                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 18119                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                18810                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                17724                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                17345                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                16945                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                17717                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                17828                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          13                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    458201657000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  385586                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 293576                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    380883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     12723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     12732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     12733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     12739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     12740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     12743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     12746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     12748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     12750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     12764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    12764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    12764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    12764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    12764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    12764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    12764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    12764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    12764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    12764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    12764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    12764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    12764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    12764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       125877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      345.228437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     161.863436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     669.217085                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65          54117     42.99%     42.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129        23349     18.55%     61.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193        10530      8.37%     69.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257         6425      5.10%     75.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321         4023      3.20%     78.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385         2874      2.28%     80.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         2162      1.72%     82.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         1748      1.39%     83.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577         1399      1.11%     84.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641         1145      0.91%     85.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705         1227      0.97%     86.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769         1117      0.89%     87.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          747      0.59%     88.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          630      0.50%     88.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          615      0.49%     89.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          623      0.49%     89.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          541      0.43%     89.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          508      0.40%     90.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          588      0.47%     90.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          726      0.58%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          627      0.50%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          694      0.55%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         6218      4.94%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          497      0.39%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          336      0.27%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          279      0.22%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          216      0.17%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          162      0.13%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          151      0.12%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          121      0.10%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          106      0.08%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           85      0.07%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           80      0.06%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           63      0.05%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           52      0.04%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           41      0.03%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           42      0.03%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           32      0.03%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           30      0.02%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           20      0.02%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           25      0.02%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           22      0.02%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           23      0.02%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           19      0.02%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           14      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           22      0.02%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           12      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           19      0.02%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           11      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           20      0.02%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           17      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           11      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           14      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            8      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            8      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           14      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            8      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            7      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            7      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           14      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            8      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            6      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            5      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            6      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            7      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            3      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            6      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            5      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            6      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            3      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            5      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            9      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            5      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            9      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            5      0.00%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            4      0.00%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            4      0.00%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            7      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            3      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            4      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            5      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            5      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            4      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            4      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            8      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            5      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            5      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            5      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            4      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            4      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            5      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            5      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            3      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            5      0.00%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.00%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657           10      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            5      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            4      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            3      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            2      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            2      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            5      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            4      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            4      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            4      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            4      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            4      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          377      0.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         125877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                     3046093750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               11221540000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1927185000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  6248261250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        7902.96                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    16210.85                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29113.81                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          53.86                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          41.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  53.86                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  41.01                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.02                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         9.78                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     346233                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    206899                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  70.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       674657.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     94862960                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              178738                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             178738                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            293576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           131239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          131239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            206848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           206848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1327226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1327226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.physmem.port      1327226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1327226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     43466368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     43466368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.physmem.port     43466368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            43466368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               43466368                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3389530500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3902075273                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               205568854                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         205568854                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           9898045                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            117107860                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits               114698140                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             97.942307                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                25050036                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            1792384                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  551                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        916561947                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          167337624                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1131632693                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   205568854                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          139748176                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     352252174                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                71070724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles              303559378                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                48756                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        256407                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 161987307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes               2533545                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          884373851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.380748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.325183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                536185326     60.63%     60.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 23385873      2.64%     63.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 25265986      2.86%     66.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 27892803      3.15%     69.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 17753666      2.01%     71.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 22918818      2.59%     73.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 29434810      3.33%     77.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 26635470      3.01%     80.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                174901099     19.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            884373851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.224283                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.234649                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                222568980                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             258608644                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 295229836                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              47046921                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               60919470                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             2071205121                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                     2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               60919470                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                255995647                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               114297250                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          16886                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 306709824                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             146434774                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             2035062210                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 18307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               24837229                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents             106300367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents              277                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          2137993094                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            5150291705                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       5150182226                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups            109479                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1614040854                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                523952240                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts               1150                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts           1079                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 346047502                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            495816702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           194427613                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         195309908                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         54766711                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 1975264807                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               13440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1772060023                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            484597                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       441400489                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    734643480                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          12888                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     884373851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.003745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.883277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           267848230     30.29%     30.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           151701849     17.15%     47.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           137335256     15.53%     62.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           131820581     14.91%     77.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            91575970     10.35%     88.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            56038061      6.34%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            34420312      3.89%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            11858874      1.34%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             1774718      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       884373851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 4913366     32.39%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     32.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                7647346     50.41%     82.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               2610757     17.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           2623506      0.15%      0.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            1165695577     65.78%     65.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               352860      0.02%     65.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               3880836      0.22%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            429278718     24.22%     90.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           170228526      9.61%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1772060023                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.933377                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    15171469                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.008561                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         4444135081                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        2416902562                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1744830840                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               14882                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              32680                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3547                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1784600923                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    7063                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        172561564                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    111714545                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       391852                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       328370                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     45268501                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14755                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           580                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               60919470                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                66677729                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               7180416                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          1975278247                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            784703                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             495816702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            194428687                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               3345                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                4482902                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 83440                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         328370                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        5898868                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4425517                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts             10324385                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1752929949                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             424141217                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          19130074                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    590928526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                167466016                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  166787309                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.912506                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1749673980                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1744834387                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1325007870                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1945707966                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.903673                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.680990                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       446317369                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             552                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           9927482                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    823454381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.856798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.436978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    331487662     40.26%     40.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    193224596     23.47%     63.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     63171510      7.67%     71.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     92561504     11.24%     82.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     24941236      3.03%     85.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     27475920      3.34%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      9375370      1.14%     90.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     11392855      1.38%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     69823728      8.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    823454381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            826877109                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1528988701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      533262343                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     384102157                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                  149758583                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1528317561                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls             17673145                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              69823728                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   2728936723                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  4011692646                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                         3353511                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                        32188096                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   826877109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1528988701                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total             826877109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.108462                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.108462                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.902151                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.902151                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               3313440054                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1825840966                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                      3533                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                       16                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               964658774                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput               698991407                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        1901821                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1901820                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      2330756                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       132628                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       132628                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       771784                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       771784                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side       146337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      7664164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count                  7810501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side       435712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    311349248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size             311784960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus         311784960                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus      8494080                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4903151186                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy     209959241                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3959772656                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                   5293                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse               1036.459072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                161843741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   6867                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs               23568.332751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    1036.459072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.506084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total         0.506084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    161845824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       161845824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     161845824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        161845824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    161845824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       161845824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       141483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        141483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       141483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         141483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       141483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        141483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    929611982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    929611982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    929611982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    929611982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    929611982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    929611982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    161987307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    161987307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    161987307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    161987307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    161987307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    161987307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  6570.485373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6570.485373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  6570.485373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6570.485373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  6570.485373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6570.485373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          297                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    49.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1954                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1954                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       139529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       139529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       139529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       139529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       139529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       139529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    557299259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557299259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    557299259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    557299259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    557299259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    557299259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  3994.146443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3994.146443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  3994.146443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3994.146443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  3994.146443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3994.146443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                352905                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             29673.331814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 3696859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                385269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                  9.595527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle          199076310000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 21119.362848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    223.841801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   8330.127165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.644512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.006831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.254215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.905558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         3661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1586701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1590362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      2330756                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      2330756                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data         1409                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total         1409                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       564916                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       564916                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         3661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2151617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2155278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         3661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2151617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2155278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         3148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       175591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       178739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data       131219                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total       131219                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       206868                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       206868                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         3148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       382459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        385607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         3148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       382459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       385607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    244818000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  13237623957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13482441957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6766209                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      6766209                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  14252139980                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14252139980                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    244818000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  27489763937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  27734581937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    244818000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  27489763937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  27734581937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         6809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1762292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1769101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2330756                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      2330756                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data       132628                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       132628                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       771784                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       771784                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         6809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2534076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2540885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         6809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2534076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2540885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.462329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.099638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.101034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.989376                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989376                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.268039                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.268039                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.462329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.151761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.462329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.151761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77769.377382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75388.966160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75430.890611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data    51.564248                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    51.564248                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68894.850726                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68894.850726                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77769.377382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71876.368283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71924.477349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77769.377382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71876.368283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71924.477349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       293576                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           293576                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       175591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       178739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       131219                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       131219                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       206868                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       206868                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       382459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       385607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       382459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       385607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    205059000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10984214957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11189273957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1316213142                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1316213142                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11623719520                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11623719520                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    205059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  22607934477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22812993477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    205059000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  22607934477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22812993477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.462329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.099638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.989376                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989376                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.268039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.268039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.462329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.462329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65139.453621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62555.683133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62601.189203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 10030.659752                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10030.659752                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56189.065104                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56189.065104                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65139.453621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59112.047244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59161.253496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65139.453621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59112.047244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59161.253496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                2529980                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               4088.352551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                396070659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                2534076                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 156.297861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle             1764467250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4088.352551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.998133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total         0.998133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    247340077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       247340077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    148239061                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      148239061                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     395579138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        395579138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    395579138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       395579138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2863342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2863342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       921141                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       921141                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3784483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3784483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3784483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3784483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  57420164907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57420164907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25863644657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  25863644657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  83283809564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83283809564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  83283809564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83283809564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    250203419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    250203419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    149160202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    149160202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    399363621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    399363621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    399363621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    399363621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 20053.547535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20053.547535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28077.834617                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28077.834617                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22006.654427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22006.654427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22006.654427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22006.654427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7199                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               681                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.571219                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2330756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2330756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1100793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1100793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        16986                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        16986                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1117779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1117779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1117779                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1117779                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1762549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1762549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       904155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       904155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2666704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2666704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2666704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2666704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  30902624251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30902624251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23743181593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23743181593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  54645805844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  54645805844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  54645805844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  54645805844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17532.916390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17532.916390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26260.078850                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26260.078850                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20491.890305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20491.890305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20491.890305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20491.890305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
