
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.043769                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 43769191000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                43769191000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 112888                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   112888                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               55931443                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 233228                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   782.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    88340673                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      88340673                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            454592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          10138368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10592960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       454592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          454592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7295808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7295808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               7103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             158412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                165515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          113997                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               113997                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst             10386118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            231632520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               242018638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        10386118                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           10386118                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         166688208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              166688208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         166688208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst            10386118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           231632520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              408706846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        165515                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       113997                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         279512                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     10592960                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7295808                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               10592960                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7295808                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 10379                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 10437                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 10256                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 10015                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 10350                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 10362                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  9796                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 10273                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 10510                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 10590                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                10480                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                10188                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                10237                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                10581                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                10468                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                10593                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  7081                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  7259                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  7255                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  6998                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  7125                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  7175                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  6769                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  7095                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  7226                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  6938                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 7084                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 6989                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 6964                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 7284                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 7283                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 7472                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     43769170000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  165515                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 113997                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     72862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     71499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     16242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      4586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      4951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      4954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      4957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      4957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      4957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     1111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                      371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        48826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      366.351698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     172.645495                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     749.158032                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65          19754     40.46%     40.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         7696     15.76%     56.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         4247      8.70%     64.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257         2897      5.93%     70.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321         2142      4.39%     75.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385         1740      3.56%     78.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1303      2.67%     81.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         1111      2.28%     83.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          826      1.69%     85.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          678      1.39%     86.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          468      0.96%     87.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          525      1.08%     88.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          411      0.84%     89.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          341      0.70%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          262      0.54%     90.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          362      0.74%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          210      0.43%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          226      0.46%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          155      0.32%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          306      0.63%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          229      0.47%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          390      0.80%     94.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          303      0.62%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          582      1.19%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          207      0.42%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          152      0.31%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           46      0.09%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          145      0.30%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           73      0.15%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           52      0.11%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           28      0.06%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           72      0.15%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           42      0.09%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           42      0.09%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           23      0.05%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           48      0.10%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           31      0.06%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           31      0.06%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            9      0.02%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           30      0.06%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           25      0.05%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           22      0.05%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           11      0.02%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           23      0.05%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            7      0.01%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           14      0.03%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           13      0.03%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           21      0.04%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           13      0.03%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           14      0.03%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           10      0.02%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            8      0.02%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            9      0.02%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            5      0.01%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.01%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           12      0.02%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            8      0.02%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            6      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            4      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            5      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.00%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            8      0.02%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            3      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            7      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            6      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            5      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            4      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            4      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            5      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            5      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.00%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            6      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.00%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            6      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.00%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            2      0.00%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            5      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            3      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            8      0.02%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            4      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            3      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            3      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            3      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            4      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            3      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            3      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            4      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            5      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           12      0.02%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            4      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            3      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            4      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            5      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            5      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            6      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           12      0.02%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            2      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            4      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            4      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            3      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            3      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            6      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           11      0.02%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          164      0.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          48826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                     6287289000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                8773086500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    827575000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  1658222500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       37986.22                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    10018.56                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  53004.78                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         242.02                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                         166.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 242.02                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                 166.69                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.20                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.49                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     153779                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     76898                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   92.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  67.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       156591.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    408706846                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               34625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              34625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            113997                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            130890                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           130890                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side       445027                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        445027                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side     17888768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   17888768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               17888768                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1218896000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1522799000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                18742730                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          12318368                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           4775680                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             15507340                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 4664027                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             30.076254                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1660965                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               1030                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     20277790                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      90148                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 20367938                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    14728966                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      7252                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                14736218                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     35006756                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      97400                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 35104156                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    12367759                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                     11021                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                12378780                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 4583                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         87538383                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedTaken      8074238                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Taken (True).
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedNotTaken     10668492                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Not Taken (False).
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileReads     74161920                       # Number of Reads from Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileWrites     52319250                       # Number of Writes to Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileAccesses    126481170                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileReads        66044                       # Number of Reads from FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileWrites       227630                       # Number of Writes to FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileAccesses       293674                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.regForwards       14174454                       # Number of Registers Read Through Forwarding Logic
system.cpu.agen_unit.agens                   35060070                       # Number of Address Generations
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedTakenIncorrect      4449011                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Taken.
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       216169                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Not Taken).
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredicted        4665180                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.predicted           9107422                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredictPct     33.872902                       # Percentage of Incorrect Branches Predicts
system.cpu.execution_unit.executions         44777931                       # Number of Instructions Executed.
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.multiplies             41107                       # Number of Multipy Operations Executed
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.divides                    0                       # Number of Divide Operations Executed
system.cpu.contextSwitches                          1                       # Number of context switches
system.cpu.threadCycles                      77194023                       # Total Number of Cycles A Thread Was Active in CPU (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCycles                                0                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU was in SMT-mode
system.cpu.timesIdled                          231301                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                        17962893                       # Number of cycles cpu's stages were not processed
system.cpu.runCycles                         69575490                       # Number of cycles cpu stages are processed.
system.cpu.activity                         79.479981                       # Percentage of cycles cpu is active
system.cpu.comLoads                          20276638                       # Number of Load instructions committed
system.cpu.comStores                         14613377                       # Number of Store instructions committed
system.cpu.comBranches                       13754477                       # Number of Branches instructions committed
system.cpu.comNops                            8748916                       # Number of Nop instructions committed
system.cpu.comNonSpec                            4583                       # Number of Non-Speculative instructions committed
system.cpu.comInts                           30791227                       # Number of Integer instructions committed
system.cpu.comFloats                           151453                       # Number of Floating Point instructions committed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    88340673                       # Number of Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedOps                      88340673                       # Number of Ops committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCommittedInsts                        0                       # Number of SMT Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedInsts_total              88340673                       # Number of Instructions committed (Total)
system.cpu.cpi                               0.990918                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_cpi                                nan                       # CPI: Total SMT-CPI
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.990918                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.009165                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_ipc                                nan                       # IPC: Total SMT-IPC
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.009165                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.stage0.idleCycles                 34882792                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.runCycles                  52655591                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.utilization               60.151432                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage1.idleCycles                 45083196                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.runCycles                  42455187                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.utilization               48.498939                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage2.idleCycles                 44507774                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.runCycles                  43030609                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.utilization               49.156276                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage3.idleCycles                 65417325                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.runCycles                  22121058                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.utilization               25.270124                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage4.idleCycles                 41496378                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.runCycles                  46042005                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.utilization               52.596362                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                  84371                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse               1906.602529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                 12250515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  86417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs                 141.760475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    1906.602529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.930958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total         0.930958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     12250515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        12250515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      12250515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         12250515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     12250515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        12250515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       117235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        117235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       117235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         117235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       117235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        117235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2053420481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2053420481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2053420481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2053420481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2053420481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2053420481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     12367750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12367750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     12367750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12367750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     12367750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12367750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17515.421854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17515.421854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17515.421854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17515.421854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17515.421854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17515.421854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          365                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.812500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           48                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        30818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        30818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        30818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        30818                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        30818                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        86417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        86417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        86417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        86417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1462353516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1462353516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1462353516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1462353516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1462353516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1462353516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16922.058345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16922.058345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16922.058345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16922.058345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16922.058345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16922.058345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput               671326642                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq         146995                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        146995                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       168352                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       143769                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       143769                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side       172834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       577046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count                   749880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side      5530688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     23852736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size              29383424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus          29383424                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus            0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      397910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy     131178984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy     326782984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                131591                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             30902.226523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  151434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                163651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                  0.925347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 27124.475533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   2007.439767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   1770.311223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.827773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.061262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.054026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.943061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        79314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data        33056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         112370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       168352                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       168352                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        12879                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        12879                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        79314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data        45935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          125249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        79314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        45935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         125249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         7103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        27522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        34625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       130890                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       130890                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         7103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       158412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        165515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         7103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       158412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       165515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    580141750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2014348750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2594490500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  13747919500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13747919500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    580141750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  15762268250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  16342410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    580141750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  15762268250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  16342410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        86417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data        60578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       168352                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       168352                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       143769                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       143769                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        86417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       204347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       290764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        86417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       204347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       290764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.454323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.235552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.910419                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.910419                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.775211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.569242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.775211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.569242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81675.594819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73190.493060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74931.133574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 105034.146994                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105034.146994                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81675.594819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 99501.731245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98736.730810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81675.594819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 99501.731245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98736.730810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       113997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           113997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       130890                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       130890                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       165515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       165515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    490395250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1665695250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2156090500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12145170500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12145170500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    490395250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13810865750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14301261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    490395250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13810865750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14301261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.454323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.910419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.775211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.775211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69040.581444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60522.318509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62269.761733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92789.139736                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92789.139736                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69040.581444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87183.204240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86404.621938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69040.581444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87183.204240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86404.621938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 200251                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               4076.642006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                 33754840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 204347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 165.183927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle              293009000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4076.642006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.995274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total         0.995274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     20180271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        20180271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     13574569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       13574569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      33754840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         33754840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     33754840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        33754840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        96367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         96367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1038808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1038808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1135175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1135175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1135175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1135175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5010614984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5010614984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  87491278500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  87491278500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  92501893484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  92501893484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  92501893484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  92501893484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     20276638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20276638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     34890015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34890015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     34890015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34890015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.071086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 51995.133023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51995.133023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84222.761569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84222.761569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81486.901565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81486.901565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81486.901565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81486.901565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      5878259                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          106                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            116796                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    50.329284                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          106                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       168352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            168352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        35600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        35600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       895228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       895228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       930828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       930828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       930828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       930828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        60767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        60767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       143580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2409027516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2409027516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14018315000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14018315000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  16427342516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16427342516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  16427342516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16427342516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009825                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009825                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39643.680221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39643.680221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 97634.176069                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97634.176069                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80389.447929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80389.447929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80389.447929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80389.447929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
