
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.112102                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5112102211000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5112102211000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 878832                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1799374                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            22473674513                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 586256                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   227.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   199908396                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     409304707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      2421056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            852736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          10605120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             13879360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       852736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          852736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9264512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9264512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        37829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              13324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             165705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                216865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          144758                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               144758                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       473593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker             25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker             63                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               166807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              2074513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2715000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          166807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             166807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1812270                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1812270                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1812270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       473593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker            25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker            63                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              166807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             2074513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4527271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                             0                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                              0                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                            0                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                      0                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                               0                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean             nan                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean            nan                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev            nan                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                              0                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                         0                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                            0                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                           0                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                            nan                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                         nan                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                          nan                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                       nan                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                          0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                             nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      9632725                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.data_through_bus               49243475                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                     47569                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                     0.042449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                     47585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle              4994822663009                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.042449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total            0.002653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             47624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47624                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            47624                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           47624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          47624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.throughput                       2555194                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                13062414                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.numCycles                      10224204444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   199908396                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     409304707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             374467605                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2307395                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     39972475                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    374467605                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           915905592                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          480549431                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      35655576                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    27235236                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8420340                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               9770516372.735863                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               453688071.264138                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.044374                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.955626                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 790522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                510.666660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                243495984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 791034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs                 307.819871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           148824778500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     510.666660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.997396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total         0.997396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    243495984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       243495984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     243495984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        243495984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    243495984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       243495984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       791041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        791041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       791041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         791041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       791041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        791041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    244287025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    244287025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    244287025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    244287025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    244287025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    244287025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.003238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.003238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.003238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements         3477                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse        3.026296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs           7886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs         3489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs         2.260246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 5102094222000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     3.026296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.189143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.189143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker         7887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         7887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker         7889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         7889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker         7889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         7889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         4332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         4332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         4332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        12219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        12221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        12221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.354530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.354530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.354472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.354472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.354472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.354472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          526                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          526                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements         7632                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse        5.014181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs          12948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs         7644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs         1.693878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 5100438909500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     5.014181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.313386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.313386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        12956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        12956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        12956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        12956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        12956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        12956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         8822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         8822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         8822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         8822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         8822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         8822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        21778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        21778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        21778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        21778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        21778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.405088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.405088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.405088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.405088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.405088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.405088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2413                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2413                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                1622027                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                511.999424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                 20170040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1622539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  12.431159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                7549500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     511.999424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total         0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     12074025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12074025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8093747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8093747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      20167772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         20167772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     20167772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        20167772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1308420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1308420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       316403                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       316403                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1624823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1624823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1624823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1624823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     13382445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13382445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8410150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8410150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     21792595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21792595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     21792595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21792595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1535756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1535756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput                54622987                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus         279212819                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus        25472                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                105931                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             64819.947299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 3456551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                170059                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 20.325599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 51906.795355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.004959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.132237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   2490.582004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  10422.432745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.792035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.038003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.159034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         6502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker         2802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       777703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1275544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        2062551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      1538695                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      1538695                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       179738                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       179738                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         6502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker         2802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       777703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1455282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2242289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         6502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker         2802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       777703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1455282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2242289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        13325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        32246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        45578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data         1803                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1803                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       134392                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       134392                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        13325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       166638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        179970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        13325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       166638                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       179970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         6504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         2807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       791028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1307790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2108129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1538695                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      1538695                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         1823                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1823                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       314130                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       314130                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         6504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         2807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       791028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1621920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2422259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         6504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         2807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       791028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1621920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2422259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.001781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.989029                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989029                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.427823                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.427823                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.001781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.102741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.001781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.102741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        98091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            98091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
