
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.403594                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2403594294500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2403594294500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 127977                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   164357                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5098961801                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 401544                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   471.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60327163                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77476179                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    114819072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           511136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          7143248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            78528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           688768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           171584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          1244640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            124657616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       511136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        78528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       171584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          761248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3742592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1523692                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data        157804                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2.data       1334320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6758408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      14352384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             14189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            111647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              1227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             10762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              2681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             19455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              14512355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           58478                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           380923                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data            39451                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2.data           333580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               812432                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47769739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              212655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             2971903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               32671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              286558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               71386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              517824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51863002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         212655                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          32671                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          71386                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             316712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1557081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             633922                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data              65653                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2.data             555135                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2811792                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1557081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47769739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             212655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            3605825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              32671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             352211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              71386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1072960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               54674794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      13478004                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       390132                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          53582                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    862592256                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  24968448                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd              109734944                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2586588                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               2357                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                837777                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                837385                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                837533                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                838713                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                839756                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                839804                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                839650                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                840522                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                841715                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                844141                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               844930                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               846498                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               848135                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               848079                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               846803                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               846563                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 25455                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 25327                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 25409                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 25902                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 26300                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 26088                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 25421                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 23356                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 23184                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 23261                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                21260                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                21580                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                24628                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                24253                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                23500                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                25208                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                       14413                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2402559124000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       8                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                13443872                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   34124                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 373031                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  17101                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    870514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    846629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    868006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3320451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2492641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2492474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2466384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     13873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     13526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     25989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    38321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    25827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      2518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      2524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      2533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      2546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      2544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      2543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      2543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      2549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      2550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     16973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    16965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    16963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    16956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    16951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    16946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    16941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    16938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    16932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    16929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    16923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    16921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    16918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    16918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    14497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    14485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    14472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    14454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    14453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    14449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    14444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    14430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    14424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        22008                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    40328.985823                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    6672.817905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   32794.691650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-95           2992     13.60%     13.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-159         1338      6.08%     19.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-223          840      3.82%     23.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-287          568      2.58%     26.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-351          356      1.62%     27.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-415          350      1.59%     29.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-479          274      1.25%     30.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-543          258      1.17%     31.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-607          159      0.72%     32.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-671          152      0.69%     33.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-735          129      0.59%     33.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-799          166      0.75%     34.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-863           85      0.39%     34.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-927           79      0.36%     35.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-991           56      0.25%     35.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1055           66      0.30%     35.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1119           41      0.19%     35.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1183           34      0.15%     36.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1247           24      0.11%     36.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1311           38      0.17%     36.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1375           28      0.13%     36.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1439           94      0.43%     36.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1503          111      0.50%     37.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1567           95      0.43%     37.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1631           19      0.09%     37.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1695           37      0.17%     38.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1759           24      0.11%     38.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1823           40      0.18%     38.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1887           12      0.05%     38.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1951           17      0.08%     38.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-2015            8      0.04%     38.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2079           19      0.09%     38.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2143           12      0.05%     38.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2207           11      0.05%     38.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2271            5      0.02%     38.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2335            5      0.02%     38.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2399            3      0.01%     38.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2463           10      0.05%     38.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2527            2      0.01%     38.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2591            1      0.00%     38.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2655            1      0.00%     38.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2719            5      0.02%     38.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2783            5      0.02%     38.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2847            5      0.02%     38.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2911            3      0.01%     38.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2975            1      0.00%     38.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3039            1      0.00%     38.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3103            7      0.03%     39.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3167            2      0.01%     39.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3231            3      0.01%     39.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3295            4      0.02%     39.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3359            7      0.03%     39.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3423            2      0.01%     39.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3487            2      0.01%     39.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3615            3      0.01%     39.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3679            2      0.01%     39.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3743            1      0.00%     39.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3807            2      0.01%     39.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3871            3      0.01%     39.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4063            3      0.01%     39.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4127            7      0.03%     39.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4383            3      0.01%     39.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4447            1      0.00%     39.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4703            1      0.00%     39.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4767            2      0.01%     39.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4831            3      0.01%     39.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4895            1      0.00%     39.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-5023            1      0.00%     39.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5215            1      0.00%     39.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5407            2      0.01%     39.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5471            1      0.00%     39.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5919            2      0.01%     39.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6175            8      0.04%     39.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6303            1      0.00%     39.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6431            1      0.00%     39.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6559            1      0.00%     39.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6815            4      0.02%     39.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7071            2      0.01%     39.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7391            2      0.01%     39.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7455            1      0.00%     39.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7711            2      0.01%     39.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7839            1      0.00%     39.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7903            1      0.00%     39.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7967            2      0.01%     39.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8095            1      0.00%     39.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8223            3      0.01%     39.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8479            1      0.00%     39.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8576-8607            1      0.00%     39.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8735            1      0.00%     39.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12319            3      0.01%     39.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13343            1      0.00%     39.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13952-13983            1      0.00%     39.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14623            1      0.00%     39.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19200-19231            1      0.00%     39.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19456-19487            1      0.00%     39.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19968-19999            1      0.00%     39.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21760-21791            1      0.00%     39.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22528-22559            2      0.01%     39.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23296-23327            1      0.00%     39.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23583            1      0.00%     39.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28160-28191            1      0.00%     39.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30751            1      0.00%     39.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32000-32031            2      0.01%     39.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33055            2      0.01%     39.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33311            2      0.01%     39.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33536-33567            2      0.01%     39.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33823            1      0.00%     39.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34816-34847            1      0.00%     39.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35840-35871            1      0.00%     39.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36864-36895            1      0.00%     39.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37888-37919            1      0.00%     39.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38912-38943            1      0.00%     39.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40960-40991            1      0.00%     39.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41984-42015            1      0.00%     39.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42752-42783            1      0.00%     39.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46080-46111            1      0.00%     39.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49408-49439            1      0.00%     39.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50944-50975            1      0.00%     39.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::53248-53279            1      0.00%     39.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::54272-54303            1      0.00%     39.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::54464-54495            1      0.00%     39.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::56576-56607            1      0.00%     39.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::58240-58271            1      0.00%     39.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::58624-58655            1      0.00%     39.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::59392-59423            1      0.00%     39.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65536-65567        13106     59.55%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::131072-131103          181      0.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          22008                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   259991264250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              339839911750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  67390020000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                 12458627500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       19290.04                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                      924.37                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25214.41                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         358.88                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          10.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  45.65                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   1.08                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.14                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.40                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                   13460829                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    385299                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  98.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       173243.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     55672102                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            13817032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           13817032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             375870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            375870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             17101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             26474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            26474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       736448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       836141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1572823                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     26887744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     26887744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.bridge.slave       736448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.physmem.port     27723885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.gic.pio          234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               28460567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       740396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      4770556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total      5511420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    107550976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    107550976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.bridge.slave       740396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.physmem.port    112321532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gic.pio          468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           113062396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              133813146                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           415491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         14469192250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy              218000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1494318294                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        30346616000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                         63199                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                     50350.442050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                         1748255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                        128595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                         13.595046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                  2375554811500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        36868.064409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker       0.000018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.000124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          5218.650868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          3758.862884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker       0.993318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst           721.252750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data           766.461515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker       4.929404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          1435.478788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data          1575.747972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks           0.562562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.079630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.057356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.011005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.011695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker      0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            0.021904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data            0.024044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total                0.768287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         8900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             462102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             166367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         2587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             134524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              65754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        18045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         4210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             282039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             141097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1290004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          597664                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               597664                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            60793                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            19412                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            33407                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               113612                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          8900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          3220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              462102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              227160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          2587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          1159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              134524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               85166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         18045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker          4210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              282039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              174504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1403616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         8900                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3220                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             462102                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             227160                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         2587                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             134524                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              85166                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        18045                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         4210                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             282039                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             174504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1403616                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             1227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             2682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             2534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                21620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1417                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           474                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data          1011                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2902                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         106027                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           9825                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          17521                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133373                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            112409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             11037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              2682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             20055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                154993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7573                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           112409                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             1227                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            11037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             2682                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            20055                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               154993                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        88750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     89183000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     89694250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       534000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    214633000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    192644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      586777000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        93996                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        93496                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       187492                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    627602225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1227849653                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1855451878                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        88750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     89183000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    717296475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    214633000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1420493653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2442228878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        88750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     89183000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    717296475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    214633000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1420493653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2442228878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         469675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         172749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         135751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          66966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         284721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         143631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1311624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       597664                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           597664                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1431                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          478                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1026                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2935                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       166820                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        50928                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           246985                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          469675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          339569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          135751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           96203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          284721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          194559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1558609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         469675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         339569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         135751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          96203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         284721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         194559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1558609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.016124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.036944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.009039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.018099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.009420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.017642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990217                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991632                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.985380                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.988756                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.635577                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.336047                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.344035                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.540004                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.016124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.331034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.009039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.114726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.009420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.103079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.099443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.016124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.331034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.009039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.114726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.009420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.103079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.099443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        88750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72683.781581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74005.156766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        89000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 80027.218494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76023.677979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27140.471785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   198.303797                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data    92.478734                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    64.607857                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63878.089059                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70078.742823                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13911.750339                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        88750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72683.781581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64990.167165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        89000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 80027.218494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70829.900424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15757.026950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        88750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72683.781581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64990.167165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        89000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 80027.218494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70829.900424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15757.026950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               58478                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    58478                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            7650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          474                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1011                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1485                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        17521                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         27346                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        11037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        20044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            34996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        11037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        20044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           34996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73683000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     74301250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       457500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    180621750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    160030500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    489170250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4740974                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10111011                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14851985                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    504138275                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1005417847                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1509556122                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73683000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    578439525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       457500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    180621750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1165448347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1998726372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73683000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    578439525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       457500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    180621750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1165448347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1998726372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25110922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  26464964500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  51575886500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    934919099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   9811837250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10746756349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  26045841099                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  36276801750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  62322642849                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.017566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991632                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.985380                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505963                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.336047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.344035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.114726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.103023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.022453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.114726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.103023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60051.344743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 61304.661716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        76250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 67371.036927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63428.656361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63943.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10002.054852                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10001.336700                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51311.783715                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 57383.588094                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55202.081548                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60051.344743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52409.126121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 67371.036927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 58144.499451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57112.994971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60051.344743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52409.126121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 67371.036927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 58144.499451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57112.994971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    58801079                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1037457                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1037456                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            375870                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           375870                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           275194                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1504                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1507                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            80165                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           80165                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side       841603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side      2342492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma        15419                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma        50807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count                      3250321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side     26910144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side     38454204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma        21476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma        82556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size                  65468380                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             141234858                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus           99080                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2173969472                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1896208409                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1871332229                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          10065963                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          30326428                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      48764132                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             13809327                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            13809327                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2769                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2769                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        11368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         3090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio          262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio       721420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       736448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     26887744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     26887744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart.pio        11368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.realview_io.pio         3090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.timer0.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.timer1.pio          262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.clcd.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.kmi0.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.kmi1.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio       721420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.iocache.cpu_side     26887744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                27624192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        15332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         6180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio          524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio       717744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       740396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    107550976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    107550976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart.pio        15332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.realview_io.pio         6180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.timer0.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.timer1.pio          524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.clcd.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.kmi0.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.kmi1.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio       717744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.iocache.cpu_side    107550976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            108291372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               117209190                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              7942000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              1545000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                20000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               131000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy            361211000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         13443872000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           733679000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         36855511000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8066197                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6232                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    6664992                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     2050                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         279                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                685                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    5697                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   113                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      212                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 8072429                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                6667042                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         14731189                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           8282                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     14739471                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    32886560                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      3493                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         279                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                685                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2599                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                32890053                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         32886560                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           3493                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     32890053                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       114224752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   32403519                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     42610516                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             37756553                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5021                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1186218                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4240514                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    37756553                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5021                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          192274568                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          39869839                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3591                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1432                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     15395098                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    8432454                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6962644                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              13455441823.416426                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              -13341217071.416426                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction             -116.797952                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                  117.797952                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   82892                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                891011                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse               511.603846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                44299550                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                891523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                 49.689744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            8175687500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   482.268023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    22.017936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     7.317887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.941930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.043004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.014293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     32418840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      8204019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      3676691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       44299550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     32418840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      8204019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      3676691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        44299550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     32418840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      8204019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      3676691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       44299550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       470403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       136004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       309613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       916020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       470403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       136004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       309613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        916020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       470403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       136004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       309613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       916020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1849388500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4165072081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6014460581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1849388500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4165072081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6014460581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1849388500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4165072081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6014460581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     32889243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      8340023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      3986304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     45215570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     32889243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      8340023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      3986304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     45215570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     32889243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      8340023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      3986304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     45215570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.077669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.077669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.077669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13598.044910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13452.510331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6565.861642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13598.044910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13452.510331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6565.861642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13598.044910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13452.510331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6565.861642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4560                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              244                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.688525                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        24485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        24485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        24485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        24485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        24485                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        24485                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       136004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       285128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       421132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       136004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       285128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       421132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       136004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       285128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       421132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1576777500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3389021328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4965798828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1576777500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3389021328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4965798828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1576777500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3389021328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4965798828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.071527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.071527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.071527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11593.611217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11885.964647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11791.549509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11593.611217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11885.964647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11791.549509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11593.611217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11885.964647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11791.549509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                629819                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               511.997118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                23234096                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                630331                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 36.860151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle              21763000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   494.812833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    10.396627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     6.787658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.966431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.020306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.013257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6949237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1880036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4481409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13310682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5977872                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1354370                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2102552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       9434794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       131076                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        34176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        73005                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       238257                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       137394                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        35968                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        74026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247388                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     12927109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3234406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6583961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        22745476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     12927109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3234406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6583961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       22745476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       166432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        65173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       288335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       519940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       168251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        29715                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       583568                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       781534                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6317                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1793                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         3873                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11983                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       334683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        94888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       871903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1301474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       334683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        94888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       871903                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1301474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    929748000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4191596038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5121344038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    926575749                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  20791104854                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21717680603                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     23532750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     51118749                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     74651499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        39000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        39000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1856323749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  24982700892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26839024641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1856323749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  24982700892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26839024641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7115669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1945209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4769744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13830622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6146123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1384085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2686120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10216328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       137393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        35969                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        76878                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       250240                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       137394                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        35968                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        74029                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247391                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13261792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      3329294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7455864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24046950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13261792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      3329294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      7455864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24046950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.060451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021469                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.217253                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.045978                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049848                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.050379                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.047886                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000041                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.116942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.116942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14265.846286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14537.243269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9849.875059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 31182.088137                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 35627.561576                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27788.529486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13124.790853                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13198.747483                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6229.783777                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19563.314107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28653.073670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20622.021370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19563.314107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28653.073670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20622.021370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         9525                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3241                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1204                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             49                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.911130                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    66.142857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       597664                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           597664                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       148092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       148092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       531664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       531664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          435                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          435                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       679756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       679756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       679756                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       679756                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        65173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       140243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       205416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        29715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        51904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        81619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1793                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         3438                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         5231                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        94888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       192147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       287035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        94888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       192147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       287035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    798815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1812392117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2611207117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    862528251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1666606492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2529134743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19945250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     39526251                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59471501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        33000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1661343251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3478998609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5140341860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1661343251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3478998609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5140341860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  27433716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  28893863250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  56327579250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1437767401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  13930226833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15367994234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28871483401                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  42824090083                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  71695573484                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.029403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021469                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019323                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007989                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049848                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.044720                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020904                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.025771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.025771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12256.839489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12923.226949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12711.800040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 29026.695305                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32109.403745                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30987.083191                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11123.954267                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11496.873473                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11369.050086                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17508.465254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18105.922075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17908.414862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17508.465254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18105.922075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17908.414862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2159851                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2083                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1460405                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      373                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         277                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                233                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     12                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1742                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                    44                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                       78                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 2161934                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                1460778                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          3620256                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           2456                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      3622712                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     8340023                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      1172                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         277                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                233                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     12                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                     867                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 8341195                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          8340023                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           1172                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      8341195                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       580203695                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    8134078                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10379103                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              9286356                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  2127                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     319009                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1149936                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     9286356                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         2127                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           53580768                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          10053974                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                1614                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                514                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      3795930                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2256544                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1539386                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              585938491.751716                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              -5734796.751716                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction               -0.009884                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    1.009884                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                4707573                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          3829869                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           221083                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             3125328                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                2519731                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            80.622930                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 410392                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             21556                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    10881991                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     22472                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3235005                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     5987                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                         276                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                521                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     21                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                    2290                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                      674                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                   165                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                      480                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                10904463                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                3240992                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         14116996                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                          28459                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     14145455                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                     3987789                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                      4600                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                         276                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                521                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     21                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                    1704                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                     1012                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                 3992389                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                          3987789                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                           4600                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                      3992389                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        88356031                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9299223                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      32583630                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    4707573                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           2930123                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      6845670                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                1836223                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     50265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              18768642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles              865                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        32747                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       722165                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          468                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  3986309                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               272069                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2032                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          36980430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.055775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.444098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                30139736     81.50%     81.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  382786      1.04%     82.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  509834      1.38%     83.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  817196      2.21%     86.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  649833      1.76%     87.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  340544      0.92%     88.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1001875      2.71%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  233328      0.63%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 2905298      7.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            36980430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.053280                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.368777                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 9914058                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             19374148                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  6194025                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               289491                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1207748                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              608647                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                53413                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              36680754                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts               180211                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1207748                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                10448619                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                6814881                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles      11054882                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  5930497                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              1522855                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              34729839                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                374808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents               885539                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents             119                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           37310430                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            158812282                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       158784890                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups            27392                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             25602072                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                11708357                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            230914                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        207478                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3294482                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6519802                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3791560                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           528920                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          689934                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  31598942                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             510602                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 34143520                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            55455                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7440971                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19631999                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        154198                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     36980430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.923286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.579350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24453619     66.13%     66.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            3907365     10.57%     76.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2316831      6.27%     82.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2013006      5.44%     88.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2745101      7.42%     95.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             885827      2.40%     98.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             492123      1.33%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             131266      0.35%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              35292      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       36980430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  18547      1.21%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     1      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      1.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1407485     91.52%     92.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               111832      7.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            61314      0.18%      0.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             19310512     56.56%     56.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               26216      0.08%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  4      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              4      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           372      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            4      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     56.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            11345203     33.23%     90.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3399891      9.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              34143520                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.386431                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1537865                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.045041                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         106882112                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         39555566                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     27370238                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               7010                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              3779                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3144                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              35616337                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   3734                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          206224                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1563789                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2001                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       567371                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      5351721                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       380538                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1207748                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                5118466                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                92736                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           32192718                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            58170                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6519802                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3791560                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            368228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 31927                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2425                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          9138                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        105201                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        88411                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              193612                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             33245955                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             11093572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           897565                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        83174                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    14459722                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 3671566                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3366150                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.376273                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      32817620                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     27373382                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 15610718                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 28284338                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.309808                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.551921                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7382656                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         356404                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           168463                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     35772498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.686059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.714745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27202420     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4136400     11.56%     87.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1256838      3.51%     91.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       645513      1.80%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       564789      1.58%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       319868      0.89%     95.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       386889      1.08%     96.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       302652      0.85%     97.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       957129      2.68%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     35772498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            19845047                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              24542041                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       8180202                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      4956013                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      94398                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   3153060                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                      3107                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 21774748                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              294560                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               957129                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    66215885                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   65102408                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         362250                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                       51375601                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  3556629546                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   19789566                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     24486560                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total             19789566                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              4.464779                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        4.464779                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.223975                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.223975                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               153595531                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               29235365                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    22348                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   20810                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                8997423                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                241258                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1279969503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1279969503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1279969503000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1279969503000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
