
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.139916                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                139916242500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               139916242500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  84616                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    84616                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               29697100                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 231112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4711.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   398664595                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     398664595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            214976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            254016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               468992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       214976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          214976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               3359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data               3969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  7328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              1536462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              1815486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 3351948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         1536462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1536462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             1536462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             1815486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                3351948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          7328                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           7328                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       468992                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 468992                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   507                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   643                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   444                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   597                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   448                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   451                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   505                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   513                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   423                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   395                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  336                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  304                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  416                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  534                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  441                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  371                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    139916169000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    7328                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      659.145299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     261.737271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1246.496021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            193     27.49%     27.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           99     14.10%     41.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           67      9.54%     51.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           56      7.98%     59.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           35      4.99%     64.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           20      2.85%     66.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           23      3.28%     70.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           21      2.99%     73.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           15      2.14%     75.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           12      1.71%     77.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            9      1.28%     78.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            4      0.57%     78.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           12      1.71%     80.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            8      1.14%     81.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            4      0.57%     82.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            5      0.71%     83.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           15      2.14%     85.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            5      0.71%     85.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            6      0.85%     86.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            1      0.14%     86.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            4      0.57%     87.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            4      0.57%     88.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            4      0.57%     88.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            3      0.43%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            6      0.85%     89.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            6      0.85%     90.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            2      0.28%     91.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            3      0.43%     91.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            2      0.28%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.14%     91.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            3      0.43%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            2      0.28%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            4      0.57%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            2      0.28%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            2      0.28%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.14%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.28%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.43%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            2      0.28%     94.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            3      0.43%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.14%     95.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.14%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.14%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.14%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.14%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            2      0.28%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.14%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.14%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            2      0.28%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.14%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.14%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.14%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.14%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.14%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.14%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.14%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.14%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.14%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.14%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.14%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.14%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.14%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.14%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.14%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193            7      1.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       39772250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 175041000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     36640000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    98628750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5427.44                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13459.16                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  23886.60                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           3.35                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   3.35                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       6626                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   90.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     19093363.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      3351948                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side        14656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         14656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side       468992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     468992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 468992                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             8796500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           68414000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                53489675                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          30685396                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          15149659                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             32882352                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                15212540                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             46.263540                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 8007516                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 20                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     94754653                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                         21                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 94754674                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    73521120                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        35                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                73521155                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    168275773                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         56                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                168275829                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    48611327                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                     44520                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                48655847                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  215                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        279832486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedTaken     29230507                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Taken (True).
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedNotTaken     24259168                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Not Taken (False).
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileReads    280386579                       # Number of Reads from Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileWrites    159335859                       # Number of Writes to Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileAccesses    439722438                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileReads    119631954                       # Number of Reads from FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileWrites    100196481                       # Number of Writes to FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileAccesses    219828435                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.regForwards      100484570                       # Number of Registers Read Through Forwarding Logic
system.cpu.agen_unit.agens                  168485322                       # Number of Address Generations
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedTakenIncorrect     14315634                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Taken.
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       833366                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Not Taken).
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredicted       15149000                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.predicted          29438551                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredictPct     33.975851                       # Percentage of Incorrect Branches Predicts
system.cpu.execution_unit.executions        205475782                       # Number of Instructions Executed.
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.multiplies           2124323                       # Number of Multipy Operations Executed
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.divides                    0                       # Number of Divide Operations Executed
system.cpu.contextSwitches                          1                       # Number of context switches
system.cpu.threadCycles                     279400467                       # Total Number of Cycles A Thread Was Active in CPU (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCycles                                0                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU was in SMT-mode
system.cpu.timesIdled                            7142                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                        13525828                       # Number of cycles cpu's stages were not processed
system.cpu.runCycles                        266306658                       # Number of cycles cpu stages are processed.
system.cpu.activity                         95.166455                       # Percentage of cycles cpu is active
system.cpu.comLoads                          94754489                       # Number of Load instructions committed
system.cpu.comStores                         73520729                       # Number of Store instructions committed
system.cpu.comBranches                       44587532                       # Number of Branches instructions committed
system.cpu.comNops                           23089775                       # Number of Nop instructions committed
system.cpu.comNonSpec                             215                       # Number of Non-Speculative instructions committed
system.cpu.comInts                          112239074                       # Number of Integer instructions committed
system.cpu.comFloats                         50439198                       # Number of Floating Point instructions committed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   398664595                       # Number of Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedOps                     398664595                       # Number of Ops committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCommittedInsts                        0                       # Number of SMT Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedInsts_total             398664595                       # Number of Instructions committed (Total)
system.cpu.cpi                               0.701925                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_cpi                                nan                       # CPI: Total SMT-CPI
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.701925                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.424654                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_ipc                                nan                       # IPC: Total SMT-IPC
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.424654                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.stage0.idleCycles                 78084810                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.runCycles                 201747676                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.utilization               72.095874                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage1.idleCycles                107180757                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.runCycles                 172651729                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.utilization               61.698244                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage2.idleCycles                102617259                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.runCycles                 177215227                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.utilization               63.329040                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage3.idleCycles                181087860                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.runCycles                  98744626                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.utilization               35.287049                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage4.idleCycles                 90364523                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.runCycles                 189467963                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.utilization               67.707637                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                   1975                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse               1830.971183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                 48606795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   3903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs               12453.700999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    1830.971183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.894029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total         0.894029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     48606795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        48606795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      48606795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         48606795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     48606795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        48606795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         4532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          4532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         4532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           4532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         4532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          4532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    272220250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    272220250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    272220250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    272220250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    272220250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    272220250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     48611327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     48611327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     48611327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     48611327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     48611327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     48611327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60066.251103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60066.251103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60066.251103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60066.251103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60066.251103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60066.251103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          330                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          110                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    236384250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    236384250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    236384250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    236384250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    236384250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    236384250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60564.757879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60564.757879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60564.757879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60564.757879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60564.757879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60564.757879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput                 3981353                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           4850                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          4850                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback          649                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         3205                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3205                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         7806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side         8953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count                    16759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side       249792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       307264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size                557056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus            557056                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus            0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        5001000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       6540750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       6779999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              3906.944649                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                     753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                  4717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                  0.159635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   370.550028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   2908.807922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    627.586699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.011308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.088770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.019152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.119230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst          544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data          123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total            667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks          649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total          649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total             727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data          183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total            727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         3359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         4183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         3145                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         3145                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         3359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         3969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total          7328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         3359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         3969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total         7328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    226995250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     59463500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    286458750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    214640250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    214640250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    226995250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    274103750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    501099000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    226995250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    274103750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    501099000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         3903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total          649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         3205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         4152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         8055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         3903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         4152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         8055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.860620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.870116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.862474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981279                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.981279                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.860620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.909745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.860620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.909745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67578.222685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72164.441748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68481.651924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68248.092210                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68248.092210                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67578.222685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 69061.161502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68381.413755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67578.222685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 69061.161502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68381.413755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3145                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         3145                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    184726250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     49135000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233861250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    175601750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    175601750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    184726250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    224736750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    409463000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    184726250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    224736750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    409463000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.860620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.870116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.862474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.860620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.909745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.860620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.909745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54994.417982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59629.854369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55907.542434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55835.214626                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55835.214626                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54994.417982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56623.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55876.501092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54994.417982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56623.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55876.501092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                    764                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               3284.967259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                168254256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                   4152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs               40523.664740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    3284.967259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.801994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total         0.801994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     94753181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        94753181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     73501075                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       73501075                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     168254256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        168254256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    168254256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       168254256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         1308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          1308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        19654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        19654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        20962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          20962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        20962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         20962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     85220999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85220999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1076127000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1076127000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1161347999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1161347999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1161347999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1161347999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     94754489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94754489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     73520729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     73520729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    168275218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    168275218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    168275218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    168275218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000267                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65153.668960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65153.668960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54753.587056                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54753.587056                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55402.537878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55402.537878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55402.537878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55402.537878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        29647                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               596                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    49.743289                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        16452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        16452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        16810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        16810                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16810                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     61946751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61946751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    218347750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218347750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    280294501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    280294501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    280294501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    280294501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65207.106316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65207.106316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68191.052467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68191.052467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67508.309489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67508.309489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67508.309489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67508.309489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
