
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.860201                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1860200687500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1860200687500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 112423                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   112423                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3947369845                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 310252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   471.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    52979577                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      52979577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            963968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24879296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2652288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28495552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       963968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          963968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7515968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7515968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              15062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             388739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                445243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          117437                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               117437                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               518206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             13374523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1425807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15318536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          518206                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             518206                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4040407                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4040407                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4040407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              518206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            13374523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1425807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               19358943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        445243                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       117437                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         562856                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     28495552                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7515968                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               28495552                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7515968                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       55                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                175                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 28218                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 27974                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 28424                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 28004                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 27799                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 27230                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 27265                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 27330                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 27697                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 27264                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                28015                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                27528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                27551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                28243                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                28325                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                28321                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  7923                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  7495                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  7940                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  7495                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  7349                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  6687                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  6775                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  6715                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  7135                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  6683                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 7403                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 6968                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 7111                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 7888                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 8047                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 7823                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           1                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1860195209000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  445243                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 117437                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    330882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     62598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     19901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      6571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      3340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      3039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      1564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      1518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      1479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      1464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     1426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     1412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     2035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     2333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     2204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                     1198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      5103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      5104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      5105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      5106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     5106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     5106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     5106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     5106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     5106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     5106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     1591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     1353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                      292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        37668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      955.810131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     232.523406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2430.690638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-67          13031     34.59%     34.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-131         5648     14.99%     49.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-195         3558      9.45%     59.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-259         2240      5.95%     64.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-323         1644      4.36%     69.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-387         1436      3.81%     73.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-451          989      2.63%     75.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-515          804      2.13%     77.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-579          676      1.79%     79.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-643          516      1.37%     81.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-707          573      1.52%     82.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-771          541      1.44%     84.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-835          276      0.73%     84.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-899          231      0.61%     85.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-963          160      0.42%     85.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1027          263      0.70%     86.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1091           87      0.23%     86.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1155          129      0.34%     87.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1219           75      0.20%     87.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1283          153      0.41%     87.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1347          242      0.64%     88.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1411          113      0.30%     88.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1475          462      1.23%     89.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1539          590      1.57%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1603           81      0.22%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1667           28      0.07%     91.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1731           16      0.04%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1795           89      0.24%     91.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1859           26      0.07%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1923            8      0.02%     92.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1987           14      0.04%     92.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2051           43      0.11%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2115           28      0.07%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2179            4      0.01%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2243            1      0.00%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2307           18      0.05%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2371            7      0.02%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2435            3      0.01%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2499            5      0.01%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2563            3      0.01%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2627            4      0.01%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2691            5      0.01%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2819            3      0.01%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2883            3      0.01%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2947            3      0.01%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3075            6      0.02%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3139            2      0.01%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3203            1      0.00%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3267            2      0.01%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3395            3      0.01%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3459            1      0.00%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3523            2      0.01%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3587            3      0.01%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3651            2      0.01%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3715            1      0.00%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3779            2      0.01%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3907            1      0.00%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3971            1      0.00%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4035            3      0.01%     92.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4099            1      0.00%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4163            1      0.00%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4227            1      0.00%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4291            1      0.00%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4355            1      0.00%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4419            1      0.00%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4483            1      0.00%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4547            1      0.00%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4611            2      0.01%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4803            1      0.00%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4867            1      0.00%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4931            2      0.01%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4995            2      0.01%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5123            2      0.01%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5251            1      0.00%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5315            1      0.00%     92.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5507            1      0.00%     92.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5571            1      0.00%     92.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5699            2      0.01%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5827            3      0.01%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5891            1      0.00%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6019            1      0.00%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6339            1      0.00%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6403            1      0.00%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6595            2      0.01%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6659            1      0.00%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6723            1      0.00%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6851            1      0.00%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7043            1      0.00%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7171            4      0.01%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7235            1      0.00%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7299            2      0.01%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7363            2      0.01%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7427            1      0.00%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7811            3      0.01%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7875            1      0.00%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7939            2      0.01%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8003            2      0.01%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8067            2      0.01%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8131            5      0.01%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8195         2432      6.46%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8707            1      0.00%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8963            1      0.00%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9088-9091            1      0.00%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10688-10691            1      0.00%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10816-10819            1      0.00%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13696-13699            2      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13760-13763            1      0.00%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14083            1      0.00%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14464-14467            3      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14528-14531            1      0.00%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14595            1      0.00%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14784-14787            1      0.00%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14851            2      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14976-14979            1      0.00%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15040-15043            1      0.00%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15168-15171            1      0.00%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15232-15235            1      0.00%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15296-15299            3      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15363           13      0.03%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15872-15875            1      0.00%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16000-16003            1      0.00%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16192-16195            1      0.00%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16387          240      0.64%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16448-16451            5      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16512-16515            4      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16576-16579            4      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16643            5      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16704-16707            5      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16768-16771            3      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16832-16835            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16960-16963            2      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17024-17027            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17088-17091            5      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          37668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                     6113897250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               13475242250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2225940000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  5135405000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       13733.29                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    11535.36                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30268.66                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.32                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           4.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  15.32                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   4.04                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         9.67                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     430049                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     94886                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  80.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3305955.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     19401806                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              295958                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             295878                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            117437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              178                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             178                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            156851                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           156851                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           80                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       884153                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio          160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total       917369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.bridge.slave        33056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.physmem.port      1008832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio          160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1042048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30702464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     30746612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5309056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5309056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.bridge.slave        44148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.physmem.port     36011520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            36055668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               36055668                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus            35584                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            29849000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1552225748                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               97500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3765192546                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          376215241                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                     41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                     1.261083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                     41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle              1710344305000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide       1.261083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide      0.078818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total            0.078818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21345883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21345883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10482445518                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10482445518                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10503791401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10503791401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10503791401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10503791401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123386.606936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123386.606936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 252272.947584                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 252272.947584                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 251738.559641                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 251738.559641                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 251738.559641                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 251738.559641                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        274094                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                27191                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.080321                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12348383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12348383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8320362536                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8320362536                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8332710919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8332710919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8332710919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8332710919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 71377.936416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71377.936416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 200239.760685                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 200239.760685                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 199705.474392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199705.474392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 199705.474392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199705.474392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                13856452                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          11625252                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            398822                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              9666189                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 5826807                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             60.280292                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  904750                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              39047                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9922890                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      41426                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           537                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   941977                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6601888                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                     10414                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          409                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  338180                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     16524778                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      51840                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           946                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1280157                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     1306702                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                     37996                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                         1078                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 1344698                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                        120724090                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           28054756                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       70765698                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    13856452                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            6731557                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      13261846                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 1996538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles               38180961                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                33921                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        253688                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       362223                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          233                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   8553305                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                264520                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           81438491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.868947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.211995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 68176645     83.72%     83.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   854498      1.05%     84.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  1700203      2.09%     86.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   823613      1.01%     87.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  2757448      3.39%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   566024      0.70%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                   644448      0.79%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1011541      1.24%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  4904071      6.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             81438491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.114778                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.586177                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 29237679                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              37865551                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  12126902                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                959687                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                1248671                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.BranchResolved               585551                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu.decode.BranchMispred                 42601                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               69445978                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                129475                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                1248671                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 30384491                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                14146796                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles       20012830                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  11334710                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               4310991                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               65667162                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  7173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 505660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents               1537414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            43855524                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups              79710296                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         79230933                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups            479363                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              38179970                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                  5675546                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts            1682539                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts         240064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  12233478                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             10440283                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             6900737                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           1318689                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           855517                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   58206235                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             2050936                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  56823082                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            100209                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         6920159                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3549975                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        1389936                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      81438491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.697742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.359996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            56732960     69.66%     69.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            10881055     13.36%     83.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             5157432      6.33%     89.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             3394617      4.17%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             2629816      3.23%     96.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             1458992      1.79%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              753848      0.93%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              332168      0.41%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               97603      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        81438491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   91824     11.60%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 372747     47.08%     58.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                327090     41.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              7286      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              38740473     68.18%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                61726      0.11%     68.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     68.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               25607      0.05%     68.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     68.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     68.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     68.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                3636      0.01%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             10354642     18.22%     86.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             6680643     11.76%     98.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess             949069      1.67%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               56823082                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.470686                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      791661                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.013932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          195283781                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          66854445                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     55585028                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              692743                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             336682                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       327940                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               57245966                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  361491                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           598566                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1347977                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3312                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        14180                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       522824                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        17906                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        181081                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                1248671                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                10233873                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                701956                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            63782733                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            684936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              10440283                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              6900737                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            1806230                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 512408                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 17686                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          14180                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         202063                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       410564                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               612627                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              56356224                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               9992501                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            466857                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                       3525562                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     16620030                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  8925380                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    6627529                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.466818                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       56027730                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      55912968                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  27713014                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  37524402                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.463147                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.738533                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts         7495675                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          661000                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            567647                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     80189820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.700468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.629642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     59377156     74.05%     74.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8657171     10.80%     84.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4615541      5.76%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2519398      3.14%     93.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1507686      1.88%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       611065      0.76%     96.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       523948      0.65%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       528681      0.66%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1849174      2.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     80189820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             56170363                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               56170363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       15470219                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       9092306                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                      226376                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    8439998                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     324384                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  52019946                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               740578                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               1849174                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    141757103                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   128582546                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                         1193264                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                        39285599                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.quiesceCycles                   3599670846                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu.committedInsts                    52979577                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      52979577                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total              52979577                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               2.278691                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         2.278691                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.438848                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.438848                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 73899188                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                40322867                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                    166085                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   167427                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                 1985758                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                 938984                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.iobus.throughput                       1454551                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51150                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51150                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        44148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              2705756                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 2705756                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              4663000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               353000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13484000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           378268160                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            23458000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            43098759                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput               111927083                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        2117675                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2117578                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          9598                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9598                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       840831                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           66                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       342614                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       301063                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           80                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side      2019865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3677460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count                  5697325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side     64631872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    143567348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size             208199220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus         208189172                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus        17664                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     2480161498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       235500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    1518735644                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2194600669                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                1009263                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                509.727374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                  7487430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1009771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs                   7.414978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            25799742250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     509.727374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.995561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total         0.995561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      7487431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         7487431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       7487431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          7487431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      7487431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         7487431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1065872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1065872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1065872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1065872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1065872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1065872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14976021459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14976021459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14976021459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  14976021459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14976021459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  14976021459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      8553303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8553303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      8553303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      8553303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      8553303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      8553303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.124615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.124615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.124615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.124615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.124615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.124615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14050.487731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14050.487731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14050.487731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14050.487731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14050.487731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14050.487731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8372                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               186                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    45.010753                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        55880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        55880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        55880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        55880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        55880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1009992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1009992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1009992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1009992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1009992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1009992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12273344851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12273344851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12273344851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12273344851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12273344851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12273344851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.118082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.118082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.118082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12151.922838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12151.922838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12151.922838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12151.922838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12151.922838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12151.922838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                338298                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             65343.107599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 2545731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                403463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                  6.309701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle            5353022750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 53859.326644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   5308.706799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   6175.074156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.821828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.081004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.094224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       994809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       826788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1821597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       840831                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       840831                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       185623                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       185623                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       994809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1012411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2007220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       994809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1012411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2007220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        15064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       273792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       288856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total           38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       115439                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       115439                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        15064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       389231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        404295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        15064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       389231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       404295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1289741743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  17221594730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18511336473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       285497                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       285497                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9397410357                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9397410357                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1289741743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  26619005087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  27908746830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1289741743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  26619005087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  27908746830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1009873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1100580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2110453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       840831                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       840831                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           64                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       301062                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       301062                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1009873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1401642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2411515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1009873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1401642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2411515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.248771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.136869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.593750                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.593750                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383439                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.383439                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.277696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.167652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.277696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.167652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85617.481612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62900.284632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64084.999006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data  7513.078947                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7513.078947                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81405.853802                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81405.853802                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85617.481612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68388.707701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69030.650466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85617.481612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68388.707701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69030.650466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        75925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            75925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       273792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       288855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       115439                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       115439                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       389231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       404294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       389231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       404294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1098682007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13807789270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14906471277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       531034                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       531034                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7972002643                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7972002643                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1098682007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  21779791913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22878473920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1098682007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  21779791913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22878473920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1333925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1333925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1882616000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1882616000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3216541000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3216541000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.248771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.593750                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.593750                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.277696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.277696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72939.122817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 50431.675396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51605.377359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13974.578947                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13974.578947                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69058.140169                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69058.140169                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72939.122817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55955.953953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56588.705051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72939.122817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55955.953953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56588.705051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                1401048                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                511.994535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                 11808107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1401560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   8.424974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               25348250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     511.994535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total         0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7202464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7202464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      4203713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        4203713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       186169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       186169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       215520                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       215520                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      11406177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         11406177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     11406177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        11406177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1806828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1806828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1943975                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1943975                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        22707                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        22707                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3750803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3750803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3750803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3750803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  39803546178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39803546178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  76325479834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  76325479834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    321955499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    321955499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 116129026012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 116129026012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 116129026012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 116129026012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      9009292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9009292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6147688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6147688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       208876                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       208876                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       215522                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       215522                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15156980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15156980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15156980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15156980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.200552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.200552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.316212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.316212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.108710                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.108710                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000009                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.247464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.247464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.247464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.247464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22029.515913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22029.515913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39262.583024                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39262.583024                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14178.689347                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14178.689347                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30961.110464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30961.110464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30961.110464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30961.110464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2958985                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          733                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             97398                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.380347                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   104.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       840831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            840831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       723109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       723109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1643505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1643505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         5191                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         5191                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2366614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2366614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2366614                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2366614                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1083719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1083719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       300470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       300470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17516                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        17516                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1384189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1384189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1384189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1384189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26582228002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26582228002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11613303338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11613303338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    201814751                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    201814751                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        22000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  38195531340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38195531340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  38195531340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38195531340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1424015000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1424015000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1997805998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1997805998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3421820998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3421820998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.048875                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048875                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.083858                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083858                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 24528.709012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24528.709012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38650.458741                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38650.458741                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11521.737326                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11521.737326                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27594.158991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27594.158991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27594.158991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27594.158991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6440                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     211017                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74663     40.97%     40.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     41.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1880      1.03%     42.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  105573     57.93%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               182247                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73296     49.32%     49.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1880      1.27%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73296     49.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                148603                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1818706968000     97.77%     97.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                64176500      0.00%     97.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               554827000      0.03%     97.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             40873882000      2.20%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1860199853500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981691                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.694268                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.815393                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4176      2.18%      2.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175130     91.22%     93.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6785      3.53%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5105      2.66%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 191976                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5853                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1739                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2094                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1909                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1739                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   170                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.326158                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.081184                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.394177                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        29671097000      1.60%      1.60% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           2774842500      0.15%      1.74% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1827753906000     98.26%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4177                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
