
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.194911                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1194911360500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1194911360500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 773513                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   985724                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            15060857671                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 403580                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    79.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    61369589                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      78206230                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd     51904512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           464036                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          6626228                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           256092                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          2904304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             62155620                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       464036                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       256092                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          720128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4136576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       3027304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data            40                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7163920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd       6488064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             13469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            103607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              4083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             45406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               6654636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           64634                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           756826                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data               10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               821470                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        43437960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker           107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              388343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             5545372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker            54                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              214319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             2430560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                52016930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         388343                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         214319                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             602662                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3461827                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data            2533497                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data                 33                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                5995357                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3461827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       43437960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker          107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             388343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            8078869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker           54                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             214319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2430594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               58012286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       6654636                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       821470                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         235013                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    425896704                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  52574080                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               62155620                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7163920                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      138                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite              10632                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                415730                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                415559                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                414961                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                415336                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                422399                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                415419                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                415520                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                415301                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                415351                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                415631                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               415270                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               414902                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               415547                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               416081                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               415762                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               415729                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 50036                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 49924                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 51325                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 51581                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 51864                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 51435                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 51646                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 51467                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 51327                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 51592                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                51318                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                51082                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                51567                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                51872                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                51738                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                51696                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1194906959500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    6825                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                 6488064                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  159747                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 756836                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  64634                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    581277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    421174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    435266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   1590102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   1186915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   1183214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   1164468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     13127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     10448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     15751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    21053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    15489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     4169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     4068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     3980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     3919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     35694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     35715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        34668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    13801.223030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     734.240341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   27780.651463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-127          7945     22.92%     22.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4005     11.55%     34.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-255         2676      7.72%     42.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-319         1963      5.66%     47.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-383         1415      4.08%     51.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-447         1138      3.28%     55.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-511          895      2.58%     57.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-575          859      2.48%     60.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-639          666      1.92%     62.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-703          565      1.63%     63.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-767          463      1.34%     65.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-831          439      1.27%     66.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-895          280      0.81%     67.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-959          254      0.73%     67.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-1023          189      0.55%     68.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1087          312      0.90%     69.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1151          134      0.39%     69.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1215          136      0.39%     70.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1279          130      0.37%     70.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1343           99      0.29%     70.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1407           89      0.26%     71.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1471          164      0.47%     71.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1535          949      2.74%     74.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1599          269      0.78%     75.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1663          135      0.39%     75.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1727          116      0.33%     75.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1791          100      0.29%     76.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1855           85      0.25%     76.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1919           65      0.19%     76.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1983           50      0.14%     76.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-2047           50      0.14%     76.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2111           59      0.17%     77.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2175           33      0.10%     77.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2239           32      0.09%     77.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2303           20      0.06%     77.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2367           23      0.07%     77.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2431           11      0.03%     77.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2495           23      0.07%     77.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2559           27      0.08%     77.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2623           12      0.03%     77.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2687           11      0.03%     77.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2751           15      0.04%     77.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2815            7      0.02%     77.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2879           13      0.04%     77.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2943            8      0.02%     77.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-3007           13      0.04%     77.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3071            9      0.03%     77.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3135           14      0.04%     77.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3199            9      0.03%     77.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3263           16      0.05%     77.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3327            6      0.02%     77.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3391            9      0.03%     77.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3455            7      0.02%     77.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3519            9      0.03%     77.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3583            6      0.02%     77.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3647            6      0.02%     77.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3711            8      0.02%     78.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3775            9      0.03%     78.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3839            8      0.02%     78.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3903            6      0.02%     78.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3967            7      0.02%     78.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-4031            9      0.03%     78.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4095            6      0.02%     78.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4159           45      0.13%     78.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4223            4      0.01%     78.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4287            6      0.02%     78.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4351            9      0.03%     78.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4415            2      0.01%     78.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4479            4      0.01%     78.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4543            6      0.02%     78.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4607            8      0.02%     78.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4671            6      0.02%     78.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4735            4      0.01%     78.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4799            3      0.01%     78.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4863            3      0.01%     78.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4927            5      0.01%     78.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4991            2      0.01%     78.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-5055            8      0.02%     78.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5119            2      0.01%     78.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5183            3      0.01%     78.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5247            1      0.00%     78.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5439            2      0.01%     78.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5503            1      0.00%     78.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5567            1      0.00%     78.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5631            5      0.01%     78.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5695            6      0.02%     78.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5759            2      0.01%     78.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5823            1      0.00%     78.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5887            1      0.00%     78.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5951            6      0.02%     78.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6079            6      0.02%     78.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6207          180      0.52%     79.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6271            1      0.00%     79.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6335            4      0.01%     79.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6399            1      0.00%     79.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6463            5      0.01%     79.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6527            1      0.00%     79.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6591            1      0.00%     79.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6655            1      0.00%     79.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6719            3      0.01%     79.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6783            2      0.01%     79.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6847           21      0.06%     79.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6911            2      0.01%     79.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6975            1      0.00%     79.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-7039            1      0.00%     79.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7103            2      0.01%     79.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7167            2      0.01%     79.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7231            6      0.02%     79.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7359            1      0.00%     79.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7423            1      0.00%     79.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7551            3      0.01%     79.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7615            3      0.01%     79.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7679            3      0.01%     79.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7743            3      0.01%     79.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7807            1      0.00%     79.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7871            3      0.01%     79.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7935            6      0.02%     79.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7999            6      0.02%     79.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8063            3      0.01%     79.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8127            7      0.02%     79.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8191            5      0.01%     79.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8255          319      0.92%     80.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8511            2      0.01%     80.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8767            1      0.00%     80.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-9023            1      0.00%     80.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9279            2      0.01%     80.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9408-9471            1      0.00%     80.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9535            1      0.00%     80.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9600-9663            1      0.00%     80.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-10047            2      0.01%     80.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10303           18      0.05%     80.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10559            2      0.01%     80.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11327            2      0.01%     80.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11583            1      0.00%     80.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11839            1      0.00%     80.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12095            1      0.00%     80.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12544-12607            1      0.00%     80.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12863            2      0.01%     80.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12928-12991            1      0.00%     80.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13119            1      0.00%     80.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13375            3      0.01%     80.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13824-13887            1      0.00%     80.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14143            1      0.00%     80.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14399            1      0.00%     80.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14784-14847            1      0.00%     80.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15167            2      0.01%     80.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15423            3      0.01%     80.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15616-15679            1      0.00%     80.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16447            1      0.00%     80.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16703            2      0.01%     80.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16832-16895            1      0.00%     80.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16896-16959            2      0.01%     80.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17152-17215            2      0.01%     80.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17664-17727            1      0.00%     80.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18176-18239            2      0.01%     80.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18432-18495            1      0.00%     80.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18752-18815            1      0.00%     80.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19328-19391            1      0.00%     80.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19456-19519            4      0.01%     80.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19712-19775            1      0.00%     80.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20224-20287            1      0.00%     80.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20480-20543           13      0.04%     80.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20736-20799            1      0.00%     80.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-21055            2      0.01%     80.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21504-21567            2      0.01%     80.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21760-21823            1      0.00%     80.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22016-22079            2      0.01%     80.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22272-22335            2      0.01%     80.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22528-22591            1      0.00%     80.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22784-22847            1      0.00%     80.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23615            4      0.01%     80.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24320-24383            2      0.01%     80.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24576-24639            4      0.01%     80.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25344-25407            1      0.00%     80.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25600-25663            3      0.01%     80.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25856-25919            1      0.00%     80.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26112-26175            2      0.01%     80.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26368-26431            3      0.01%     80.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26624-26687            2      0.01%     80.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27392-27455            2      0.01%     80.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27711            1      0.00%     80.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28416-28479            1      0.00%     80.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28672-28735            1      0.00%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29312-29375            1      0.00%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29504-29567            1      0.00%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29696-29759            3      0.01%     80.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29952-30015            1      0.00%     80.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30208-30271            2      0.01%     80.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30400-30463            1      0.00%     80.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30527            3      0.01%     80.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30783            6      0.02%     80.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31232-31295            2      0.01%     80.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31488-31551            3      0.01%     80.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31807            2      0.01%     80.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31872-31935            1      0.00%     80.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32256-32319            1      0.00%     80.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32512-32575            1      0.00%     80.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33087           16      0.05%     80.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33088-33151            1      0.00%     80.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33152-33215            2      0.01%     80.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33343           36      0.10%     80.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34304-34367            1      0.00%     80.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35584-35647            1      0.00%     80.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35840-35903            1      0.00%     80.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38144-38207            1      0.00%     80.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38400-38463            1      0.00%     80.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39488-39551            1      0.00%     80.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41216-41279            1      0.00%     80.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41344-41407            1      0.00%     80.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41984-42047            1      0.00%     80.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43008-43071            1      0.00%     80.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43584-43647            1      0.00%     80.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44032-44095            1      0.00%     80.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44544-44607            1      0.00%     80.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45056-45119            1      0.00%     80.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45824-45887            1      0.00%     80.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48640-48703            2      0.01%     80.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49152-49215            1      0.00%     80.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50176-50239            1      0.00%     80.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50432-50495            2      0.01%     80.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51520-51583            1      0.00%     80.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::52224-52287            4      0.01%     80.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::52800-52863            1      0.00%     80.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::54272-54335            2      0.01%     80.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::55296-55359            1      0.00%     80.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::56064-56127            1      0.00%     80.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::56320-56383            2      0.01%     80.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::61440-61503            2      0.01%     81.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::61696-61759            1      0.00%     81.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::62080-62143            1      0.00%     81.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::62208-62271            1      0.00%     81.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::62464-62527            1      0.00%     81.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::62976-63039            1      0.00%     81.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::63488-63551            2      0.01%     81.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64512-64575            2      0.01%     81.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64832-64895            1      0.00%     81.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65024-65087            6      0.02%     81.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65152-65215            2      0.01%     81.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65216-65279            1      0.00%     81.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65344-65407            1      0.00%     81.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65472-65535            6      0.02%     81.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65536-65599         6196     17.87%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::72768-72831            1      0.00%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::73920-73983            1      0.00%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::75008-75071            1      0.00%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::82944-83007            1      0.00%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::84480-84543            1      0.00%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::85376-85439            1      0.00%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::85568-85631            1      0.00%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::94656-94719            1      0.00%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::95552-95615            1      0.00%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::98944-99007            1      0.00%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::99520-99583            1      0.00%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::109120-109183            1      0.00%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::109696-109759            1      0.00%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::110080-110143            1      0.00%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::117440-117503            1      0.00%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::117952-118015            1      0.00%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::120256-120319            1      0.00%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::120640-120703            1      0.00%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::121152-121215            1      0.00%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::129856-129919            1      0.00%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::130112-130175            1      0.00%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::131072-131135          336      0.97%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::131200-131263            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::132096-132159            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::136576-136639            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::196160-196223            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::196608-196671            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::420352-420415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          34668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   132807422500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              174630638750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  33272490000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  8550726250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       19957.54                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1284.95                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26242.50                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         356.43                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          44.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  52.02                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   6.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.15                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.97                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                    6636574                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    804724                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  97.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       159830.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            68                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               57                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           17                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst           40                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           57                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           40                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              57                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     60028739                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             7703151                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7703151                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             767201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            767201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             64634                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            27614                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          16407                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           10632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            137758                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           137302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2382564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1966559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio          906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4358923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.bridge.slave      2382564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.nvmem.port           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.physmem.port     14942687                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.gic.pio         8856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio          906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               17335051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2389882                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17415028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        17712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio         1812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     19824510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.bridge.slave      2389882                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.nvmem.port           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.physmem.port     69319540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gic.pio        17712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.a9scu.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio         1812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            71729022                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               71729022                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1208299500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          9149149500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy             7960500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy                2500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy              777000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5034294617                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        14663453747                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                         69629                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                     53155.534639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                         1651678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                        134776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                         12.254986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        40041.185718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker       2.667860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.001521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          4638.655043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          5789.348152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker       0.001660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          1927.060090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data           756.614595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks           0.610980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.070780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.088338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.029405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.011545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total                0.811089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         1507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             482925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             242050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         3554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             372304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             110721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1219492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          576641                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               576641                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            1408                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             418                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1826                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           257                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            96                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               353                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            65574                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            45429                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               111003                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          4625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          1507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              482925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              307624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          3554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          1806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              372304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              156150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1330495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         1507                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             482925                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             307624                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         3554                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1806                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             372304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             156150                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1330495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             9715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             3996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             1891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                22446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          3988                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          3371                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7359                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          387                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          473                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             860                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          95120                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          44595                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             139715                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            104835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              3996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             46486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                162161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6837                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           104835                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             3996                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            46486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               162161                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       395750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       122500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    486019750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    691389999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    282135750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    152148250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1612301249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11489505                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12402970                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     23892475                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1837921                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1069454                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2907375                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6199806193                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2820905645                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9020711838                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       395750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       122500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    486019750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6891196192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    282135750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2973053895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     10633013087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       395750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       122500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    486019750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6891196192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    282135750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2973053895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    10633013087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         489762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         251765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         376300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         112612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1241938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       576641                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           576641                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         5396                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         3789                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            9185                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          644                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          569                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1213                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       160694                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        90024                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           250718                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          489762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          412459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          376300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          202636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1492656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         489762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         412459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         376300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         202636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1492656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.038588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.016792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.018073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.739066                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.889681                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.801198                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.600932                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.831283                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.708986                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.591932                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.495368                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.557260                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.013960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.254171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.229406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.108639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.254171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.229406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.108639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 98937.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        61250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71086.697382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71167.267010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70604.542042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80459.148599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71830.225831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2881.019308                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3679.314743                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3246.701318                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4749.149871                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  2261.002114                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3380.668605                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65178.786722                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63256.096984                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64565.092066                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 98937.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        61250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71086.697382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65733.735794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70604.542042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63955.898443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65570.717293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 98937.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        61250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71086.697382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65733.735794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70604.542042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63955.898443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65570.717293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               64634                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    64634                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         3996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3988                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3371                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7359                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          387                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          473                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          860                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        95120                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        44595                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        139715                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       104835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         3996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        46486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           162160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       104835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         3996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        46486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          162160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       344250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        97500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    399672500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    568184999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    231686750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    128101750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1328163999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     39911983                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     33802856                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73714839                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3872886                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4731473                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8604359                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5007372803                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2261009853                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7268382656                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       344250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        97500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    399672500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5575557802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    231686750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2389111603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8596546655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       344250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        97500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    399672500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5575557802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    231686750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2389111603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8596546655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    340200250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  12647628243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      4849500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 154070714500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167063392493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  16272290763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    486202500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16758493263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    340200250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  28919919006                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      4849500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 154556917000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 183821885756                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.739066                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.889681                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.801198                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.600932                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.831283                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708986                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.591932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.495368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.557260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.254171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.229406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.108639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.254171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.229406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 86062.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        48750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 58465.842598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58485.331858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57979.667167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 67742.860920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59174.159011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10008.019809                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10027.545535                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10016.964126                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10007.457364                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10003.114165                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10005.068605                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52642.691369                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50700.972149                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52022.922779                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 86062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        48750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 58465.842598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53184.125550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57979.667167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51394.217678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53012.744542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 86062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        48750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 58465.842598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53184.125550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57979.667167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51394.217678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53012.744542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                   118431561                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2504925                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2504925                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            767201                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           767201                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           576641                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           27027                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         16760                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          43787                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           262499                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          262499                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side       993555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side      2951402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma         5905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma        15026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side       753554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side      2880607                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma         6133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma        11768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count                      7617950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side     31371320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side     53730420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma         6036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma        18516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side     24083596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side     27977862                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma         7228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma        14216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size                 137209194                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             137209194                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus         4306024                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4767819743                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2217282985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2471819696                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy           4396500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          10398000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy        1697865710                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy        2215426419                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy           4326250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy           8214499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      45438010                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq              7671400                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp             7671400                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7946                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7946                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        30448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         8062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio          740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2382564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart.pio        30448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.realview_io.pio         8062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.timer1.pio          740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.kmi1.pio          496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.iocache.cpu_side     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                15358692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        40166                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        16124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2389882                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart.pio        40166                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.realview_io.pio        16124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.timer1.pio         1480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.kmi1.pio          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.iocache.cpu_side     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total             54294394                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                54294394                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21350000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              4037000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                34000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               376000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               298000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy          6488064000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374618000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         17765827253                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     9651794                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      3741                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    7596285                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1585                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    1811                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   138                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      204                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 9655535                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                7597870                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         17248079                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           5326                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     17253405                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    43295611                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      2205                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1332                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                43297816                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         43295611                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           2205                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     43297816                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2389822721                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   42568710                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     53298123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             48055390                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3860                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1403445                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      5582451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    48055390                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3860                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          272420788                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          52266741                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3022                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                840                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     18017454                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10035613                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7981841                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2150296210.870201                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              239526510.129800                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.100228                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.899772                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   51308                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                490004                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse               509.392438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                42805077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                490516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                 87.265404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           76030513250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   509.392438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     42805077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       42805077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     42805077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        42805077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     42805077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       42805077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       490517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       490517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       490517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        490517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       490517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       490517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6812396235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6812396235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6812396235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6812396235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6812396235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6812396235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     43295594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43295594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     43295594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     43295594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     43295594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     43295594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13888.195995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13888.195995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13888.195995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13888.195995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13888.195995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13888.195995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       490517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       490517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       490517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       490517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       490517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       490517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5828002765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5828002765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5828002765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5828002765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5828002765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5828002765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    431776750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    431776750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    431776750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    431776750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11881.347160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11881.347160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11881.347160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11881.347160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11881.347160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11881.347160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                406612                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               470.882465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                15965290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                407124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.214809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle             659626250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   470.882465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.919692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.919692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      9135819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9135819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6493762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6493762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       156506                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       156506                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       158999                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       158999                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15629581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15629581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15629581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15629581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       263761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       263761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       176647                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       176647                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9920                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9920                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         7375                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7375                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       440408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        440408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       440408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       440408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3882137498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3882137498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7549327791                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7549327791                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     98498000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     98498000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40527887                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     40527887                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11431465289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11431465289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11431465289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11431465289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      9399580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9399580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6670409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6670409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       166426                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       166426                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       166374                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       166374                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     16069989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16069989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     16069989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16069989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059606                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.059606                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044328                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044328                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14718.390884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14718.390884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42736.801593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42736.801593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9929.233871                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9929.233871                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5495.306712                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5495.306712                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25956.534143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25956.534143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25956.534143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25956.534143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       376581                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           376581                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       263761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       263761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       176647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       176647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9920                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9920                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7371                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         7371                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       440408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       440408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       440408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       440408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3349960502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3349960502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7149928209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7149928209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     78594000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78594000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25787113                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25787113                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10499888711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10499888711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10499888711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10499888711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13764207250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13764207250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  25807935730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25807935730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  39572142980                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  39572142980                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026482                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026482                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059606                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059606                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044304                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044304                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12700.742346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12700.742346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40475.797545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40475.797545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7922.782258                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7922.782258                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3498.455162                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3498.455162                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23841.276069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23841.276069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23841.276069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23841.276069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     5707792                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      3579                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3874264                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      643                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1989                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   150                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      248                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 5711371                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                3874907                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          9582056                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           4222                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      9586278                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    19381456                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      2171                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1495                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                19383627                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         19381456                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           2171                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     19383627                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2388389320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   18800879                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     24908107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             22271769                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  6793                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     796713                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2514831                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    22271769                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         6793                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          130796956                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          23323418                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                4535                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               2260                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     10017504                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    5984439                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   4033065                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1968748229.220572                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              419641090.779428                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.175700                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.824300                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   39064                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                376544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse               474.938465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                19004396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                377056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                 50.402052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          327017678500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   474.938465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.927614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.927614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     19004396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       19004396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     19004396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        19004396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     19004396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       19004396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       377056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       377056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       377056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        377056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       377056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       377056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5154731460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5154731460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5154731460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5154731460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5154731460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5154731460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     19381452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19381452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     19381452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     19381452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     19381452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     19381452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13670.997040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13670.997040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13670.997040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13670.997040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13670.997040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13670.997040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       377056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       377056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       377056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       377056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       377056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       377056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4398633040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4398633040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4398633040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4398633040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4398633040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4398633040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      6184500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6184500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      6184500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6184500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11665.728804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11665.728804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11665.728804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11665.728804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11665.728804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11665.728804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                220840                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               471.619758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                 8232994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                221207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.218506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          106228428000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   471.619758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.921132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.921132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      4390579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4390579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      3674302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3674302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        73464                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        73464                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        73742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        73742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      8064881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         8064881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      8064881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        8064881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       133951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       112879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       112879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         9745                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9745                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         9392                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9392                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       246830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        246830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       246830                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       246830                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1653824236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1653824236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3737179210                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3737179210                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     78087000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     78087000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     49049473                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     49049473                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5391003446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5391003446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5391003446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5391003446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      4524530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4524530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      3787181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3787181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        83209                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        83209                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        83134                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        83134                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      8311711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8311711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      8311711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8311711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.117115                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.117115                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.112974                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.112974                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12346.486670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12346.486670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33107.834141                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33107.834141                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8013.032324                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8013.032324                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5222.473701                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5222.473701                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21840.957120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21840.957120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21840.957120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21840.957120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       200060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           200060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       133951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       133951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       112879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       112879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9745                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9745                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9391                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         9391                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       246830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       246830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       246830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       246830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1384995764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1384995764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3490409790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3490409790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     58580000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58580000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     30268527                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30268527                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4875405554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4875405554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4875405554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4875405554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 168372273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 168372273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    531015000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    531015000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 168903288000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 168903288000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029806                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029806                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.117115                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117115                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.112962                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112962                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10339.570171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10339.570171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 30921.693052                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30921.693052                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6011.287840                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6011.287840                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3223.142051                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3223.142051                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19752.078572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19752.078572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19752.078572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19752.078572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 624927975253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 624927975253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 624927975253                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 624927975253                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
