
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000025                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    24587000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   24587000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  41260                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    41253                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              174426700                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 226212                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5814                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          5814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             20288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              8832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                29120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        20288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            825151503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            359214219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1184365722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       825151503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          825151503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           825151503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           359214219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1184365722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           455                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                            455                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                        29120                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                  29120                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                    28                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                     8                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                     3                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                    12                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                    51                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                    59                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                    75                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                   36                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                   19                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                   52                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                   28                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                   77                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                    7                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                        24519000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     455                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples           94                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      251.234043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     163.011055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     299.928179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64                34     36.17%     36.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128               16     17.02%     53.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192                9      9.57%     62.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256                9      9.57%     72.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320                4      4.26%     76.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384                9      9.57%     86.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448                1      1.06%     87.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512                2      2.13%     89.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576                2      2.13%     91.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704                2      2.13%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768                2      2.13%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832                1      1.06%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960                1      1.06%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024               1      1.06%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240               1      1.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total             94                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        2305250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  12775250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                      2275000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                     8195000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5066.48                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    18010.99                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  28077.47                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                        1184.37                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                1184.37                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           9.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.52                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                        361                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   79.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                        53887.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1184365722                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 404                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                404                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                51                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               51                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side          910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                           910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side        29120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                      29120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                  29120                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              551500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4266000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             17.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                    1157                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted               861                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               603                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                  880                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                     339                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             38.522727                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                      86                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 32                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    8                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            49175                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedTaken          432                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Taken (True).
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedNotTaken          725                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Not Taken (False).
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileReads         5089                       # Number of Reads from Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileWrites         3396                       # Number of Writes to Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileAccesses         8485                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileReads            3                       # Number of Reads from FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileWrites            1                       # Number of Writes to FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileAccesses            4                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.regForwards           1328                       # Number of Registers Read Through Forwarding Logic
system.cpu.agen_unit.agens                       2229                       # Number of Address Generations
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedTakenIncorrect          274                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Taken.
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          320                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Not Taken).
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredicted            594                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.predicted               321                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredictPct     64.918033                       # Percentage of Incorrect Branches Predicts
system.cpu.execution_unit.executions             3133                       # Number of Instructions Executed.
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.multiplies                 3                       # Number of Multipy Operations Executed
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.divides                    1                       # Number of Divide Operations Executed
system.cpu.contextSwitches                          1                       # Number of context switches
system.cpu.threadCycles                          9486                       # Total Number of Cycles A Thread Was Active in CPU (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCycles                                0                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU was in SMT-mode
system.cpu.timesIdled                             462                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           43792                       # Number of cycles cpu's stages were not processed
system.cpu.runCycles                             5383                       # Number of cycles cpu stages are processed.
system.cpu.activity                         10.946619                       # Percentage of cycles cpu is active
system.cpu.comLoads                              1163                       # Number of Load instructions committed
system.cpu.comStores                              925                       # Number of Store instructions committed
system.cpu.comBranches                            915                       # Number of Branches instructions committed
system.cpu.comNops                                657                       # Number of Nop instructions committed
system.cpu.comNonSpec                              10                       # Number of Non-Speculative instructions committed
system.cpu.comInts                               2144                       # Number of Integer instructions committed
system.cpu.comFloats                                0                       # Number of Floating Point instructions committed
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5814                       # Number of Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedOps                          5814                       # Number of Ops committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCommittedInsts                        0                       # Number of SMT Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedInsts_total                  5814                       # Number of Instructions committed (Total)
system.cpu.cpi                               8.458032                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_cpi                                nan                       # CPI: Total SMT-CPI
system.cpu.cpi_total                         8.458032                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.118231                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_ipc                                nan                       # IPC: Total SMT-IPC
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.118231                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.stage0.idleCycles                    45525                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.runCycles                      3650                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.utilization                7.422471                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage1.idleCycles                    46361                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.runCycles                      2814                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.utilization                5.722420                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage2.idleCycles                    46410                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.runCycles                      2765                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.utilization                5.622776                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage3.idleCycles                    47937                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.runCycles                      1238                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.utilization                2.517539                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage4.idleCycles                    46285                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.runCycles                      2890                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.utilization                5.876970                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                     13                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                150.350232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                      428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs                    319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs                   1.341693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     150.350232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.073413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total         0.073413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst          428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total              428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total             428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25010250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25010250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25010250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     25010250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25010250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     25010250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total          778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total          778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.449871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.449871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.449871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.449871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.449871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.449871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71457.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71457.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71457.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71457.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71457.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71457.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.410026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.410026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.410026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71094.043887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71094.043887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71094.043887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71094.043887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71094.043887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71094.043887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput              1189571725                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            406                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           406                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           51                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           51                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side          638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side          276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count                      914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        20416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side         8832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size                 29248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             29248                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus            0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         228500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        543000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        228000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse               208.008874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                       2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                   404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                  0.004950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    152.043119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     55.965756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.004640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.006348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22333500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6742000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29075500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      3650000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3650000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22333500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     10392000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32725500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22333500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     10392000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32725500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.995074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70452.681388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77494.252874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71969.059406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71568.627451                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71568.627451                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70452.681388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75304.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71924.175824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70452.681388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75304.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71924.175824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18342000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24003000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3006000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3006000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18342000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8667000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18342000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8667000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57861.198738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65068.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59413.366337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58941.176471                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58941.176471                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57861.198738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62804.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59360.439560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57861.198738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62804.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59360.439560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 89.984709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                     1638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                    138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  11.869565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      89.984709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.021969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total         0.021969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         1066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          1638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             1638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         1638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            1638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            97                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          353                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          353                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      7523000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7523000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     21590750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21590750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     29113750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     29113750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     29113750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     29113750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.083405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.083405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.381622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.381622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.215517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.215517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.215517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.215517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77556.701031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77556.701031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61163.597734                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61163.597734                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64697.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64697.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64697.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64697.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          265                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.384615                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6835500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6835500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3704000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3704000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10539500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10539500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10539500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10539500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055135                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055135                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.066092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.066092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78568.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78568.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72627.450980                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72627.450980                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76373.188406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76373.188406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76373.188406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76373.188406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
