
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.870336                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1870335643500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1870335643500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1417566                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1417565                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            41981821830                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 308248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    63154034                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      63154034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           761216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         66693056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2649600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           110976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           668672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             70883520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       761216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       110976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          872192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7861504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7861504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             11894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data           1042079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              1734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             10448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               1107555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          122836                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               122836                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              406994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            35658336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1416644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               59335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              357514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                37898823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         406994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          59335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             466329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4203258                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4203258                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4203258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             406994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           35658336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1416644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              59335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             357514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               42102082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                             0                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                              0                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                            0                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                      0                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                               0                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean             nan                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean            nan                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev            nan                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                              0                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                         0                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                            0                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                           0                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                            nan                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                         nan                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                          nan                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                       nan                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                          0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                             nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     42160246                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.data_through_bus               78853810                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                       1000626                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                     65381.922487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                         2464723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                       1065768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                          2.312626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                     838081000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        56158.706931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          4894.235246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          4134.598984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst           174.423126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            19.958201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks           0.856914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.074680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.063089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.002661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.000305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total                0.997649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             873088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             763068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             101908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              36743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1774807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          816628                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               816628                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             135                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              37                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 172                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           166235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            14287                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               180522                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              873088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              929303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              101908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               51030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1955329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             873088                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             929303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             101908                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              51030                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1955329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            11894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           926761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             1734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data              908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               941297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2442                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           570                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3012                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         115706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           9662                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             125368                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             11894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data           1042467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              1734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             10570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total               1066665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            11894                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data          1042467                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             1734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            10570                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total              1066665                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         884982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        1689829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         103642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          37651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2716104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       816628                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           816628                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2577                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          607                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3184                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           79                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           188                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       281941                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        23949                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           305890                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          884982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1971770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          103642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           61600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             3021994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         884982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1971770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         103642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          61600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            3021994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.548435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.016731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.024116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.346561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.947614                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.939044                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.945980                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.822785                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.917431                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.877660                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.410391                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.403441                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.409847                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.013440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.528696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.016731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.171591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.352967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.528696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.016731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.171591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.352967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               81316                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    81316                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                     41695                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                     0.435438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                     41711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle              1685787165017                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide       0.435438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide      0.027215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total            0.027215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41727                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     9154530                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7079                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          152                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  508987                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5936899                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      726                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          99                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 189050                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    15091429                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      7805                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          251                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  698037                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    3855556                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3485                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         127                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                3859041                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3740671175                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   57222076                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     57222076                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             53249924                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                299810                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1399585                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6808233                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    53249924                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       299810                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           73318596                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          39827534                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              147724                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             150835                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     15135515                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    9184477                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5951038                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3683437331.313678                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              57233843.686322                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.015300                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.984700                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6283                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    197120                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   71004     40.60%     40.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    243      0.14%     40.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1908      1.09%     41.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      8      0.00%     41.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 101705     58.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              174868                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    69637     49.24%     49.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     243      0.17%     49.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1908      1.35%     50.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       8      0.01%     50.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   69629     49.23%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               141425                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1852989887500     99.07%     99.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               20110000      0.00%     99.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               82044000      0.00%     99.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 949500      0.00%     99.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            17242445000      0.92%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1870335436000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.980748                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.684617                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.808753                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         6      2.65%      2.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        19      8.41%     11.06% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         2      0.88%     11.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        32     14.16%     26.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.44%     26.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.44%     26.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        9      3.98%     30.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        8      3.54%     34.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      2.65%     37.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        2      0.88%     38.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        4      1.77%     39.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        7      3.10%     42.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.88%     43.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       37     16.37%     60.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        4      1.77%     61.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                        8      3.54%     65.49% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      4.42%     69.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.44%     70.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        4      1.77%     72.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       30     13.27%     85.40% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.33%     86.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        8      3.54%     90.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.44%     90.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        2      0.88%     91.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      3.98%     95.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.88%     96.46% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.88%     97.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       2      0.88%     98.23% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.88%     99.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.88%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   226                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  110      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3762      2.05%      2.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      38      0.02%      2.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               168035     91.68%     93.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6150      3.36%     97.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     97.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     97.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     7      0.00%     97.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     97.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4673      2.55%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 357      0.19%     99.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     142      0.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                183291                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7091                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1158                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1157                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1158                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.163165                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.280640                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1869378426000     99.95%     99.95% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           957009000      0.05%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3763                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.throughput                   131930075                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             246743154                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus           10368                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.iobus.throughput                       1460500                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 2731626                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                884406                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse               511.244754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                56345130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                884918                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.672713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            9786576500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.244754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     56345130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       56345130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     56345130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        56345130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     56345130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       56345130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       885002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       885002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       885002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        885002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       885002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       885002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     57230132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     57230132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     57230132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     57230132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     57230132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     57230132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               1978683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               507.129817                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                13123756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1979195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  6.630855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle              10840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   507.129817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.990488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      7298341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7298341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5462261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5462261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       172144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       172144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       186623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       186623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     12760602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12760602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     12760602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12760602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1683328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1683328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       286000                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       286000                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        16153                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        16153                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data          715                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          715                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1969328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1969328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1969328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1969328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8981669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8981669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5748261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5748261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       188297                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       188297                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       187338                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       187338                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14729930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14729930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14729930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14729930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.187418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.187418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049754                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049754                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085785                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.085785                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003817                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.003817                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.133696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.133696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.133696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.133696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       775614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           775614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1163439                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      3277                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           58                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  220342                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     751446                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      415                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          58                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 103280                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1914885                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      3692                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                          116                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  323622                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1468399                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1539                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                          57                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1469938                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3740249123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5931958                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      5931958                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              5550578                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 28590                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     182742                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       577190                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     5550578                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        28590                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            7657288                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           4163275                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               17889                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              17683                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1926244                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1170888                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    755356                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3734312432.077611                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              5936690.922389                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.001587                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.998413                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2204                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     39554                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   10328     33.46%     33.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1907      6.18%     39.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    110      0.36%     40.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  18518     60.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               30863                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    10318     45.77%     45.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1907      8.46%     54.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     110      0.49%     54.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   10208     45.28%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                22543                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1859123129500     99.41%     99.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               82001000      0.00%     99.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               14064500      0.00%     99.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            10905353000      0.58%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1870124548000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999032                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.551247                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.730422                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         2      2.00%      2.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        11     11.00%     13.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::4                         2      2.00%     15.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                        10     10.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        6      6.00%     31.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        2      2.00%     33.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        2      2.00%     35.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        2      2.00%     37.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        4      4.00%     41.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       17     17.00%     58.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        2      2.00%     60.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        2      2.00%     62.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        3      3.00%     65.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       24     24.00%     89.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        8      8.00%     97.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::90                        1      1.00%     98.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       2      2.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   100                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    8      0.02%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  470      1.46%      1.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                      15      0.05%      1.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.02%      1.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                26238     81.66%     83.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2576      8.02%     91.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     91.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.01%     91.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     2      0.01%     91.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.01%     91.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2607      8.11%     99.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 158      0.49%     99.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      38      0.12%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 32131                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1033                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                580                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2046                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                612                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  580                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   32                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.592449                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.015640                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.334518                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1373906500      0.07%      0.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user           508289000      0.03%      0.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1868002681000     99.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     471                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                103103                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse               427.126317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                 5832124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                103615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                 56.286484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          1868933191000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   427.126317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.834231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.834231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5832124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        5832124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5832124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         5832124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5832124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        5832124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       103642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       103642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       103642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        103642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       103642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       103642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5935766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5935766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5935766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      5935766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5935766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      5935766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                 62052                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               421.569557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1836045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 29.428514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          1851115695500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   421.569557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.823378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.823378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1109514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1109514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       707455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        707455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        15133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        15610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1816969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1816969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1816969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1816969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        41451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        41451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        25850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1285                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1285                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data          735                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          735                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        67301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         67301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        67301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        67301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1150965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1150965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       733305                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       733305                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        16418                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16418                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        16345                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16345                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1884270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1884270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1884270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1884270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035251                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035251                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.078268                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.078268                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044968                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044968                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        41014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            41014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
