
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.548515                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2548515380000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2548515380000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  61977                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    79748                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2618667230                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 403588                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   973.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60316341                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77611368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    121110528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           440128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4850064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           360448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4242200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            131005928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       440128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       360448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          800576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3785088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1679112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       1336988                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6801188                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15138816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             75816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              5632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             66290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15293471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           59142                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           419778                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           334247                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               813167                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47521992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              172700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1903094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              141435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1664577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51404802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         172700                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         141435                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             314134                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1485213                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             658859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             524614                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2668686                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1485213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47521992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             172700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            2561953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             141435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2189191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               54073488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15293471                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       813167                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         218464                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    978782144                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  52042688                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd              131005928                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                6801188                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       15                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               4709                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                955865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                955532                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                955688                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                955892                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                955763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                955998                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                955883                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                955786                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                956235                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                955940                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               955511                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               955116                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               956216                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               955973                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               956077                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               955981                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 49128                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 48906                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 50979                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 51091                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 51008                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 51270                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 51265                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 51204                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 51310                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 51097                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                50763                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                50416                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                51359                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                50976                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                51272                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                51123                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                       32396                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2548513467000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                      42                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15138816                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  154613                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754025                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  59142                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1060849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    987246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    977477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3738495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2806386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2806166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2776833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     15211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     14905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     28917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    42926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    28925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     2287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     2286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     2959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     1551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      2759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      2878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      2926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      2969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      2964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      2963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      2962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      2967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      2971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     35376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    35363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    35349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    35330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    35323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    35316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    35302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    35293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    35264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    35252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    35238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    35229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    35218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    32746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    32612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    32550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    32491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    32482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    32473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    32457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    32442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    32421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        40074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    25722.964516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    2062.503898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   32877.713086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-95           7020     17.52%     17.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-159         3450      8.61%     26.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-223         2302      5.74%     31.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1762      4.40%     36.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-351         1221      3.05%     39.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-415         1083      2.70%     42.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-479          782      1.95%     43.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-543          826      2.06%     46.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-607          552      1.38%     47.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-671          527      1.32%     48.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-735          441      1.10%     49.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-799          399      1.00%     50.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-863          278      0.69%     51.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-927          274      0.68%     52.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-991          181      0.45%     52.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1055          260      0.65%     53.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1119          121      0.30%     53.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1183          146      0.36%     53.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1247          103      0.26%     54.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1311          108      0.27%     54.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1375           77      0.19%     54.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1439          372      0.93%     55.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1503          611      1.52%     57.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1567          461      1.15%     58.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1631           86      0.21%     58.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1695          174      0.43%     58.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1759           54      0.13%     59.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1823           96      0.24%     59.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1887           48      0.12%     59.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1951           68      0.17%     59.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-2015           31      0.08%     59.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2079           67      0.17%     59.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2143           19      0.05%     59.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2207           52      0.13%     60.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2271           17      0.04%     60.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2335           39      0.10%     60.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2399           17      0.04%     60.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2463           35      0.09%     60.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2527            6      0.01%     60.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2591           20      0.05%     60.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2655            5      0.01%     60.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2719           15      0.04%     60.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2783           12      0.03%     60.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2847           19      0.05%     60.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2911           10      0.02%     60.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2975           19      0.05%     60.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3039            6      0.01%     60.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3103           14      0.03%     60.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3167            5      0.01%     60.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3231            6      0.01%     60.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3295            5      0.01%     60.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3359            9      0.02%     60.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3423            3      0.01%     60.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3487           12      0.03%     60.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3551            4      0.01%     60.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3615           10      0.02%     60.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3679            3      0.01%     60.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3743            8      0.02%     60.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3807            7      0.02%     60.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3871            6      0.01%     60.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3935            1      0.00%     60.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3999            7      0.02%     60.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4063            5      0.01%     60.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4127           35      0.09%     60.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4191            5      0.01%     60.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4255            2      0.00%     60.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4319            3      0.01%     60.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4383            7      0.02%     60.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4447            4      0.01%     60.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4511            5      0.01%     60.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4575            1      0.00%     60.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4639            7      0.02%     61.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4703            1      0.00%     61.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4767            7      0.02%     61.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4895            3      0.01%     61.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4959            3      0.01%     61.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-5023            5      0.01%     61.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5151            4      0.01%     61.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5215            2      0.00%     61.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5279            2      0.00%     61.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5343            1      0.00%     61.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5407            5      0.01%     61.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5471            4      0.01%     61.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5535            5      0.01%     61.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5919            3      0.01%     61.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5983            1      0.00%     61.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6047            1      0.00%     61.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6111            2      0.00%     61.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6175            4      0.01%     61.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6303            3      0.01%     61.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6367            2      0.00%     61.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6495            5      0.01%     61.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6559            3      0.01%     61.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6623            4      0.01%     61.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6751            1      0.00%     61.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6815           21      0.05%     61.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6879            2      0.00%     61.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7071            4      0.01%     61.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7135            2      0.00%     61.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7199            3      0.01%     61.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7327            5      0.01%     61.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7391            2      0.00%     61.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7583            3      0.01%     61.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7647            1      0.00%     61.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7711            6      0.01%     61.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7775            1      0.00%     61.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7839            7      0.02%     61.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7903            3      0.01%     61.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7967            7      0.02%     61.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8031            1      0.00%     61.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8095            9      0.02%     61.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8159            3      0.01%     61.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8223          305      0.76%     62.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10112-10143            1      0.00%     62.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10271           17      0.04%     62.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13343            1      0.00%     62.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14111            1      0.00%     62.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14208-14239            1      0.00%     62.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16704-16735            1      0.00%     62.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18432-18463            1      0.00%     62.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-21023            1      0.00%     62.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24768-24799            1      0.00%     62.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26112-26143            1      0.00%     62.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26624-26655            1      0.00%     62.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27904-27935            2      0.00%     62.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29440-29471            1      0.00%     62.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30208-30239            1      0.00%     62.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30400-30431            1      0.00%     62.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33823            5      0.01%     62.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34816-34847            1      0.00%     62.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35136-35167            1      0.00%     62.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37632-37663            1      0.00%     62.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39424-39455            1      0.00%     62.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43136-43167            1      0.00%     62.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45632-45663            1      0.00%     62.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51456-51487            1      0.00%     62.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::56832-56863            1      0.00%     62.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::58368-58399            1      0.00%     62.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::60864-60895            1      0.00%     62.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65536-65567        14763     36.84%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::126336-126367            1      0.00%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::130496-130527            1      0.00%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::131008-131039            1      0.00%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::131072-131103          346      0.86%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::131200-131231            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::132096-132127            4      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::136576-136607            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::161792-161823            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::168960-168991            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::196352-196383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::196608-196639            4      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          40074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   305431681500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              397314004000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  76467280000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                 15415042500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       19971.40                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1007.95                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25979.35                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         384.06                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          20.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  51.40                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   2.67                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.16                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         1.11                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                   15267858                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    798688                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  98.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       158227.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     55014417                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            16346104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16346107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             59142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4709                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            131412                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           131412                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::LoadLockedReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::StoreCondReq              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::StoreCondResp             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2382954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1885920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4272668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.bridge.slave      2382954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.nvmem.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.physmem.port     32163552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.gic.pio         3790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               34550300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2390325                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16696588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     19094561                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.bridge.slave      2390325                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.nvmem.port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.physmem.port    137807116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gic.pio         7580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           140205089                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              140205089                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1476111500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         17555240750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy             3581500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy                1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4707147287                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        34172276993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                         64386                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                     51442.070809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                         1905390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                        129776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                         14.682145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                  2511428822500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        36972.715861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker      12.496871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.000368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          4611.296465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          3332.598424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker      12.513991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          3606.043873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data          2894.404957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks           0.564159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.070363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.050851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.055024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.044165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total                0.784944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        33100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         6967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             497324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             183110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        30320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             474382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             204508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1436339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          608377                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               608377                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              25                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  45                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            58192                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            54720                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               112912                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         33100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          6967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              497324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              241302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         30320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          6628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              474382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              259228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1549251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        33100                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         6967                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             497324                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             241302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        30320                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6628                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             474382                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             259228                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1549251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6768                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             5640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                23165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1534                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1392                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2926                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          70693                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          62500                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133193                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             76806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              5640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             67104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                156358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6768                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            76806                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             5640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            67104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               156358                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2128750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       130250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    500312250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    448378498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      2066250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    418450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    353541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1725006998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       186492                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       256989                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       443481                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        22999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        22999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4862001015                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4300719454                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9162720469                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2128750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       130250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    500312250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5310379513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      2066250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    418450000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4654260454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     10887727467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2128750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       130250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    500312250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5310379513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      2066250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    418450000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4654260454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    10887727467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        33119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         504092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         189223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         480022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         209112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1459504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       608377                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           608377                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1559                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1412                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2971                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       128885                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       117220                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           246105                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        33119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          504092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          318108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          480022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          326332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1705609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        33119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         504092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         318108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         480022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         326332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1705609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.032306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.011749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.022017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.015872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.983964                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.985836                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.984854                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.153846                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.548497                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.533185                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.541204                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.013426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.241446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.011749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.205631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.091673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.241446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.011749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.205631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.091673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 112039.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        65125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73923.204787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73348.355636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       108750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74193.262411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76789.965248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74466.090999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   121.572360                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   184.618534                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   151.565619                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11499.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11499.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68776.272262                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68811.511264                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68792.807948                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 112039.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        65125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73923.204787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69140.165000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       108750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74193.262411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69358.912345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69633.325234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 112039.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        65125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73923.204787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69140.165000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       108750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74193.262411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69358.912345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69633.325234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               59142                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    59142                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            41                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                79                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1534                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1392                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2926                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        70693                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        62500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        133193                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        76765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        67080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           156279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        76765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        67080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          156279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1889250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       105750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    414261000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    369284748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1823250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    346567500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    294016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1427947498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15343534                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     13921392                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29264926                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3965209485                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3507280046                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7472489531                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1889250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       105750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    414261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4334494233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1823250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    346567500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3801296046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8900437029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1889250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       105750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    414261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4334494233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1823250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    346567500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3801296046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8900437029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6768250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  82756804500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  84168652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 166932224750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13405485754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  10155458000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23560943754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       116250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       116250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        60000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        60000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6768250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  96162290254                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  94324110000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 190493168504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.983964                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.985836                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984854                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153846                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.548497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.533185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.541204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.241317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.205558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.091627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.241317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.205558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 99434.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        52875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61263.087844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60817.646245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 95960.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61535.422585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64195.633188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61853.395911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10002.303781                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10001.683527                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56090.553308                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56116.480736                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56102.719595                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 99434.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        52875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61263.087844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56464.459493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 95960.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61535.422585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56668.098479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56952.226652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 99434.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        52875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61263.087844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56464.459493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 95960.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61535.422585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56668.098479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56952.226652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    58503668                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2677420                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2677422                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           608377                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2971                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            13                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2984                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           246105                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          246105                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::StoreCondReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::StoreCondResp            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side      1969614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side      5798105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma        37248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma       149421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count                      7954388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side     62990656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side     85594465                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma        54388                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma       253832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size                 148893341                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             148893341                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          204156                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4964785971                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4437766959                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4499076262                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          23705637                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          86451768                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      48459921                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             16322133                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            16322133                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8160                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8160                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        29936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio          522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2382954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart.pio        29936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.timer0.pio          522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.timer1.pio         1030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.iocache.cpu_side     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                32660586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        39180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio         1044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         2060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2390325                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart.pio        39180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.timer0.pio         1044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.timer1.pio         2060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.iocache.cpu_side    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            123500853                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               123500853                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21043000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              3973000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               522000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               521000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         15138816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374794000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         41501177007                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                7460849                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5960235                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           378283                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4914778                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                4045811                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            82.319303                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 696591                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             38344                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    25704058                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     39030                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5997479                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     9591                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         258                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                775                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     33                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    5605                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                     1289                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   246                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      688                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                25743088                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                6007070                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         31701537                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          48621                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     31750158                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     6247488                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      7199                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         258                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                775                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     33                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2628                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1719                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 6254687                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          6247488                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           7199                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      6254687                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       237974378                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          15699723                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      49234228                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    7460849                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4742402                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     10819268                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2791638                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                     83518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              47679796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1230                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        50382                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1297285                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          371                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6245426                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               421717                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2971                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          77555768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.784584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.151481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                66744115     86.06%     86.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  668305      0.86%     86.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  854486      1.10%     88.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1301033      1.68%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1140084      1.47%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  550475      0.71%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1373308      1.77%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  375655      0.48%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4548307      5.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            77555768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.031351                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.206889                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                16771569                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             48649935                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  9795097                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               503008                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1834030                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved             1000504                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                90828                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              57451762                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               304997                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1834030                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                17711945                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               19691518                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      25851696                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  9283653                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3180864                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              54475085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 7298                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                545691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              2120831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents             197                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           56755313                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            249403500                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       249355386                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            48114                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             39528436                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                17226877                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            410327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        362870                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  6606046                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            10343576                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            6897280                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1045135                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1291149                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  49940914                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             982735                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 62750040                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            92397                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       11407526                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29277622                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        263780                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     77555768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.809096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.520917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           55086998     71.03%     71.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6938242      8.95%     79.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3598420      4.64%     84.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3124608      4.03%     88.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6233139      8.04%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1485765      1.92%     98.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             804564      1.04%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             219887      0.28%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              64145      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       77555768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  31748      0.72%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     3      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4146155     94.50%     95.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               209698      4.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           168420      0.27%      0.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             29819854     47.52%     47.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               48156      0.08%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 14      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 3      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              8      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           937      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            7      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            26415371     42.10%     89.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            6297270     10.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              62750040                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.263684                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    4387604                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.069922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         207571986                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         62340159                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     43794455                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              12289                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              6579                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5482                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              66962707                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   6517                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          317894                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2428904                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3600                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        16156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       921017                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     16878789                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       486624                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1834030                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               15021196                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               239984                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           51041656                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           102587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             10343576                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6897280                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            695313                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 54984                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                10683                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         16156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        184294                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       146657                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              330951                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             61443864                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             26034265                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1306176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       118007                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    32275135                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 5809455                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   6240870                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.258195                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      60834498                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     43799937                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 23902926                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 43468500                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.184053                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.549891                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       11258567                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         718955                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           288860                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     75721738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.500316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     61785849     81.60%     81.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6716034      8.87%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2031673      2.68%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1100696      1.45%     94.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       996789      1.32%     95.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       567209      0.75%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       697121      0.92%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       401495      0.53%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1424872      1.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     75721738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            30484303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              39296836                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13890935                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7914672                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     201566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4969836                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      5449                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 34871152                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              489123                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1424872                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   123917155                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  103001078                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         891630                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                      160418610                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  2282332434                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   30404601                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     39217134                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             30404601                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              7.826920                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        7.826920                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.127764                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.127764                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               278728087                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               45052561                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    23012                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   19792                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               15437173                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                403324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                984712                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse               510.392135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                10916124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                985224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                 11.079840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            6946570250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   153.798869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   356.593266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.300388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.696471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      5698838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5217286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10916124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      5698838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5217286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        10916124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      5698838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5217286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       10916124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       546469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       520462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1066931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       546469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       520462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1066931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       546469                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       520462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1066931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7505000228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7078718225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14583718453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7505000228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7078718225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  14583718453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7505000228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7078718225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  14583718453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6245307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5737748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11983055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6245307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5737748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11983055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6245307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5737748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11983055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.090708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.089037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.090708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.090708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13733.624831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13600.835844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13668.848738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13733.624831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13600.835844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13668.848738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13733.624831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13600.835844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13668.848738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8644                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          575                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              416                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.778846                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          575                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        41748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        39914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        81662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        41748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        39914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        41748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        39914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81662                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       504721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       480548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       985269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       504721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       480548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       985269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       504721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       480548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       985269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6095694370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5754767140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11850461510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6095694370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5754767140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11850461510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6095694370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5754767140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11850461510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      9176750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9176750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      9176750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9176750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.080816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.083752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.080816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.083752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.080816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.083752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12077.354360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11975.426263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12027.640685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12077.354360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11975.426263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12027.640685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12077.354360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11975.426263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12027.640685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                643928                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               511.992040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                21539454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                644440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 33.423521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle              49066250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   194.023961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   317.968079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.378953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.621031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      7084507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6698400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13782907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3631868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      3629961                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7261829                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       114762                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       129152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       243914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       116493                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       131183                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247676                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10716375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     10328361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        21044736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10716375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     10328361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       21044736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       339050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       410986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       750036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1568875                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1393123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2961998                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6956                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         6622                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13578                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1907925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1804109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3712034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1907925                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1804109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3712034                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5404290531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6065987702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11470278233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  76728419243                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  66584790588                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 143313209831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     98583999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     88165249                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    186749248                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       116502                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        78000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       194502                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  82132709774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  72650778290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 154783488064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  82132709774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  72650778290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 154783488064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7423557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      7109386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14532943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5200743                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5023084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10223827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       121718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       135774                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       257492                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       116500                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       131189                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247689                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12624300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     12132470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24756770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12624300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     12132470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24756770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.045672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.057809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.301664                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.277344                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.289715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.057148                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048772                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.052732                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000060                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000046                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.151131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.148701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.151131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.148701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15939.509013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14759.596925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15292.970248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48906.649187                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47795.342255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48383.965766                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14172.512795                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13313.991090                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13753.811165                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16643.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14961.692308                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43048.185738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40269.616908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41697.756018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43048.185738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40269.616908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41697.756018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        36942                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        23867                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3499                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            298                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.557874                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    80.090604                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       608377                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           608377                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       156045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       207748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       363793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1438475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1274543                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2713018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          694                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          696                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1390                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1594520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1482291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3076811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1594520                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1482291                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3076811                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       203238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       386243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       130400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       118580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       248980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6262                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5926                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12188                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       313405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       321818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       635223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       313405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       321818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       635223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2537438499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2706851142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5244289641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5705098821                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5073968451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10779067272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     78058501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     68010500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146069001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       102498                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        66000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       168498                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8242537320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7780819593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16023356913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8242537320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7780819593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16023356913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  90382122001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  91936686500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182318808501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  18619452182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  14311531070                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  32930983252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       155750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       155750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        96000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        96000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 109001574183                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 106248217570                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 215249791753                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023607                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051447                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043646                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047334                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13865.405311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13318.627137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13577.694977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43750.757830                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42789.411798                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43292.904137                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12465.426541                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11476.628417                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11984.657122                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14642.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12961.384615                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26299.954755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24177.701661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25224.774470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26299.954755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24177.701661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25224.774470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                7195832                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          5758794                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           347995                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             4705708                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                3816103                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            81.095193                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 703176                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect             35899                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    25676963                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     36626                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5717501                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     9454                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         255                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                664                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    5514                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                     1965                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   245                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      578                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                25713589                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5726955                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         31394464                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          46080                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     31440544                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     5739661                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      6710                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         255                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                664                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2611                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1312                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 5746371                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          5739661                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           6710                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      5746371                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       238752144                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          14725732                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      45766952                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    7195832                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4519279                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     10135681                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                2420409                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     79807                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              48403648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1533                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1933                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        42395                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1408034                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          243                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  5737749                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               344300                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2901                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          76459821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.743283                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.100006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                66331645     86.75%     86.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  641052      0.84%     87.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  862069      1.13%     88.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1143637      1.50%     90.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1042629      1.36%     91.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  566145      0.74%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1286339      1.68%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  374523      0.49%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 4211782      5.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            76459821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.030139                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.191692                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                15725454                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             49459208                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                  9192415                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               503929                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               1576672                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved              971007                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                86673                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              53874532                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               286668                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               1576672                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                16583861                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               19404823                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      27005764                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  8762969                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              3123666                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              51462507                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                13354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                564319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              2029977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents             529                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           53559967                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            234998901                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       234956394                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups            42507                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             38873752                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                14686214                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            422468                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        375757                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  6418869                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             9803560                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            6552959                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads           903342                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1157992                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  47368560                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1003626                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 61323847                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            88809                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9695135                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24547753                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        239591                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     76459821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.802040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.511450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           54334795     71.06%     71.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6963817      9.11%     80.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3541064      4.63%     84.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3011943      3.94%     88.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6202034      8.11%     96.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1339759      1.75%     98.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             792493      1.04%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             211144      0.28%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              62772      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       76459821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  28001      0.63%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     3      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4231917     94.82%     95.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               203383      4.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           195246      0.32%      0.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             28699765     46.80%     47.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               45365      0.07%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  6      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 1      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              6      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          1174      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            6      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            26341683     42.96%     90.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            6040595      9.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              61323847                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.256852                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    4463304                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.072783                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         203694277                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         58075857                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     42386346                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              11257                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              5873                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         4814                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              65585843                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   6062                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          307143                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2060794                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3248                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        14926                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       795522                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     17225652                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       391932                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               1576672                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               14666749                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               228879                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           48476685                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            98660                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9803560                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6552959                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            716609                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 50437                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 9701                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         14926                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        170356                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       133051                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              303407                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             60276255                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             26034557                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1047592                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       104499                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    32021114                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 5717498                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   5986557                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.252464                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      59765334                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     42391160                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 23307297                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 43055480                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.177553                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.541332                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9596314                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         764035                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           262671                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     74883149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.513666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.490214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     61098286     81.59%     81.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6805438      9.09%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1903916      2.54%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1064936      1.42%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1018174      1.36%     96.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       531111      0.71%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       691593      0.92%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       378534      0.51%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1391161      1.86%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     74883149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            29982419                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              38464913                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      13500203                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      7742766                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     202217                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   4992962                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      4763                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 33994528                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              502375                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1391161                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   120638730                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   97745041                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         886317                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      162292323                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  2286407630                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   29911740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     38394234                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total             29911740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              7.981888                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        7.981888                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.125284                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.125284                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               272364887                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               43577017                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                    22187                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                   19914                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               14848508                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                429527                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1453044953007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1453044953007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1453044953007                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1453044953007                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   83067                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
