
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.904274                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1904273734500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1904273734500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  95291                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    95291                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3200085877                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 314408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   595.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56704659                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56704659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           939456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24909888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2650816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            36288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           341184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28877632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       939456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        36288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          975744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7866880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7866880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             14679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            389217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              5331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                451213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          122920                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               122920                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              493341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            13081044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1392035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               19056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              179168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15164643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         493341                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          19056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             512397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4131171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4131171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4131171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             493341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           13081044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1392035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              19056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             179168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               19295814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        451213                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       122920                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         579004                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     28877632                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7866880                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               28877632                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7866880                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       75                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               4871                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 28315                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 28267                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 28452                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 27960                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 28079                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 27988                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 28494                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 27838                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 28154                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 28095                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                28334                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                27996                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                28689                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                28482                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                28304                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                27691                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  8030                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  7738                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  7941                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  7420                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  7615                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  7448                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  8007                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  7267                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  7422                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  7442                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 7742                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 7420                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 8140                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 8013                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 7952                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 7323                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1904269209000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  451213                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 122920                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    323687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     64950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     30594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      6666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      3343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      3044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      1568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      1533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      1488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      1465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     1421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     1414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     2035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     2339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     2211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                     1201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      5058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      5341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      5343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      5345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      5344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     5344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     5344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     5344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     5344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     5344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     5344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     1604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     1370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                      287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        40619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      904.415372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     224.615874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2354.830128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-67          14269     35.13%     35.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-131         6234     15.35%     50.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-195         3791      9.33%     59.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-259         2540      6.25%     66.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-323         1773      4.36%     70.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-387         1547      3.81%     74.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-451         1102      2.71%     76.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-515          849      2.09%     79.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-579          692      1.70%     80.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-643          549      1.35%     82.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-707          540      1.33%     83.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-771          500      1.23%     84.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-835          249      0.61%     85.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-899          230      0.57%     85.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-963          188      0.46%     86.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1027          304      0.75%     87.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1091          110      0.27%     87.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1155          108      0.27%     87.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1219          118      0.29%     87.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1283          201      0.49%     88.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1347          187      0.46%     88.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1411          117      0.29%     89.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1475          501      1.23%     90.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1539          643      1.58%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1603           97      0.24%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1667           31      0.08%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1731           28      0.07%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1795          107      0.26%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1859           29      0.07%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1923            9      0.02%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1987           14      0.03%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2051           38      0.09%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2115           26      0.06%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2179            3      0.01%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2243            4      0.01%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2307           21      0.05%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2371           11      0.03%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2435            8      0.02%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2499            2      0.00%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2563            6      0.01%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2627            4      0.01%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2691            1      0.00%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2755            3      0.01%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2819            5      0.01%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2883            3      0.01%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2947            1      0.00%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3011            1      0.00%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3075            3      0.01%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3139            4      0.01%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3267            1      0.00%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3395            2      0.00%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3459            1      0.00%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3587            1      0.00%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3651            2      0.00%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3779            2      0.00%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3843            2      0.00%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3907            2      0.00%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4035            3      0.01%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4099            3      0.01%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4227            1      0.00%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4291            1      0.00%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4419            2      0.00%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4547            1      0.00%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4611            1      0.00%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4739            1      0.00%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4803            2      0.00%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4867            1      0.00%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4931            1      0.00%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5123            1      0.00%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5187            1      0.00%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5379            2      0.00%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5443            1      0.00%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5635            1      0.00%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5763            1      0.00%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6083            1      0.00%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6147            1      0.00%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6339            1      0.00%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6723            1      0.00%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6851            2      0.00%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7043            1      0.00%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7107            1      0.00%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7171            3      0.01%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7299            2      0.00%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7363            2      0.00%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7427            1      0.00%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7619            2      0.00%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7811            2      0.00%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7939            1      0.00%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8003            3      0.01%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8067            3      0.01%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8131            7      0.02%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8195         2429      5.98%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8384-8387            1      0.00%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8451            1      0.00%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8896-8899            1      0.00%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10432-10435            1      0.00%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13571            1      0.00%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13952-13955            1      0.00%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14528-14531            1      0.00%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14595            1      0.00%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14656-14659            1      0.00%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14912-14915            1      0.00%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14976-14979            1      0.00%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15040-15043            1      0.00%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15107            1      0.00%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15168-15171            1      0.00%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15232-15235            1      0.00%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15296-15299            1      0.00%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15363           14      0.03%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15424-15427            1      0.00%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15488-15491            1      0.00%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15744-15747            1      0.00%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16192-16195            1      0.00%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16387          248      0.61%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16448-16451            3      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16512-16515            5      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16576-16579            7      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16643            6      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16704-16707            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16768-16771            2      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16832-16835            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16960-16963            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17088-17091            4      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17216-17219            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17344-17347            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17408-17411            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17664-17667            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          40619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                     6391304750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               13854944750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2255690000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  5207950000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14167.07                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    11544.03                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30711.10                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.16                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           4.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  15.16                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   4.13                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        14.33                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     435283                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     98148                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  79.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3316773.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     19353836                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              296513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             296436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              13046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             13046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            122920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             9558                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           5502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            162935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           162546                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           77                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        40482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       921574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio          154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       962210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.bridge.slave        40482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.physmem.port      1046240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio          154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1086876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        73754                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31436416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     31510170                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5308096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5308096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.bridge.slave        73754                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.physmem.port     36744512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            36818266                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               36818266                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus            36736                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            37871498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1615737499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               99000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3831920118                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          376228744                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                        344278                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                     65254.004539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                         2578331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                        409473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                          6.296706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                    6889943750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        53538.058266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          5369.862130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          6148.232371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst           134.758747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            63.093024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks           0.816926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.081938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.093815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.002056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.000963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total                0.995697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             876771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             739535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             198332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              63825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1878463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          821103                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               821103                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             177                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             256                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 433                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                66                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           156398                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            23000                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               179398                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              876771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              895933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              198332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               86825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2057861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             876771                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             895933                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             198332                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              86825                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2057861                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            14688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           273591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst              576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data              306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               289161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2677                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1042                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3719                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          416                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          449                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             865                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         116243                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           5041                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             121284                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             14688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            389834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              5347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                410445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            14688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           389834                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              576                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             5347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               410445                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1267720492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17201796982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     49661500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     29444499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    18548623473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1381450                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4584270                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      5965720                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       930960                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        99997                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1030957                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9514647474                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    547564734                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10062212208                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1267720492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  26716444456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     49661500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    577009233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     28610835681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1267720492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  26716444456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     49661500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    577009233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    28610835681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         891459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        1013126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         198908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          64131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2167624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       821103                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           821103                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2854                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1298                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            4152                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          462                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          469                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           931                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       272641                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        28041                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           300682                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          891459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1285767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          198908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           92172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2468306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         891459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1285767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         198908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          92172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2468306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.016476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.270046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.002896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.004771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.133400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.937982                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.802773                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.895713                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.900433                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.957356                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.929108                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.426359                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.179772                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.403363                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.016476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.303192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.002896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.058011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.166286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.016476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.303192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.002896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.058011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.166286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86309.946351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62874.133221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86217.881944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 96223.852941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64146.352631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   516.044079                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4399.491363                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1604.119387                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2237.884615                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   222.710468                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1191.857803                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81851.358568                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 108622.244396                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82964.053033                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86309.946351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68532.874136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86217.881944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 107912.704881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69706.868596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86309.946351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68532.874136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86217.881944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 107912.704881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69706.868596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               81400                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    81400                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        14680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       273590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          289143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2677                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1042                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3719                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          416                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          449                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          865                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       116243                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5041                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        121284                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        14680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       389833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           410427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        14680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       389833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          410427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1080994508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13790759768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     41895250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     25609501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14939259027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26999133                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     10444004                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37443137                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4166407                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4502447                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8668854                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8081951526                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    484942766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8566894292                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1080994508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21872711294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     41895250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    510552267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23506153319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1080994508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21872711294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     41895250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    510552267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23506153319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1372582500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     16978000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1389560500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2039994500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    567881499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2607875999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3412577000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    584859499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3997436499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.270045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.937982                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.802773                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.895713                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.900433                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.957356                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.929108                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.426359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.179772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.058011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.166279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.058011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73637.228065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50406.666062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73889.329806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83691.179739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51667.372293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10085.593201                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10023.036468                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10068.065878                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10015.401442                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10027.721604                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10021.796532                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69526.350197                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 96199.715533                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70634.991359                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73637.228065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56107.900804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73889.329806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 95483.872639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57272.434121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73637.228065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56107.900804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73889.329806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 95483.872639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57272.434121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                     41695                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                     0.488928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                     41711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle              1711329338000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide       0.488928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide      0.030558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total            0.030558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41727                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21574383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21574383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10460928278                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10460928278                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10482502661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10482502661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10482502661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10482502661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123282.188571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123282.188571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 251755.108731                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 251755.108731                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 251216.302658                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 251216.302658                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 251216.302658                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 251216.302658                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        272971                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                27017                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.103675                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12472883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12472883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8298854290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8298854290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8311327173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8311327173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8311327173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8311327173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 71273.617143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71273.617143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 199722.138285                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199722.138285                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 199183.434539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199183.434539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 199183.434539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199183.434539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               12622908                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         10616030                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           342195                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             8196943                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                5349460                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            65.261647                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 815211                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             29656                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     9003860                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     33263                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          538                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  672573                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5893133                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     8284                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         368                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 235576                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    14896993                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     41547                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          906                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  908149                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    1042149                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                    31540                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                        1064                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                1073689                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       115698572                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          25430461                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      64765722                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   12622908                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           6164671                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     12173111                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1754282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              37681561                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles               33129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       206182                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       360791                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          463                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  7843120                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               229143                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          77014869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.840951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.178782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                64841758     84.19%     84.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  778083      1.01%     85.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1579221      2.05%     87.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  722075      0.94%     88.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 2615191      3.40%     91.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  535253      0.69%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  589170      0.77%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  842021      1.09%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4512097      5.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            77014869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.109102                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.559780                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                26714732                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             37197398                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 11068686                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               941364                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1092688                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              522796                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                36882                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              63559406                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               110759                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1092688                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                27743135                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               15107351                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      18539290                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 10375436                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              4156967                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              60135459                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 7108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                639244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              1468640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           40265671                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             73230382                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        72843642                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           386740                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             35289688                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4975975                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts           1473731                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        214800                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 11344202                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9431276                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            6179329                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1162337                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          768163                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  53333771                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1831002                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 52106137                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           101747                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6058761                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3179609                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       1240264                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     77014869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.676572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.327910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           53895136     69.98%     69.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           10485242     13.61%     83.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4754218      6.17%     89.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3135006      4.07%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2479570      3.22%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1230098      1.60%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             664050      0.86%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             318021      0.41%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              53528      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       77014869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  83201     11.94%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                325493     46.71%     58.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               288201     41.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3785      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             35867732     68.84%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               57468      0.11%     68.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     68.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              15763      0.03%     68.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1883      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9368607     17.98%     86.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5962928     11.44%     98.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            827971      1.59%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              52106137                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.450361                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     696895                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013375                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         181470771                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         60967498                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     51029740                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             555013                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            268874                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       261978                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              52508945                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 290302                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          547963                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1165767                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4234                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        13137                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       465736                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        18478                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       155290                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1092688                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               10796951                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               798319                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           58424017                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           633798                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9431276                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6179329                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           1612922                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                582630                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5498                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         13137                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        168729                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       358890                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              527619                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             51705429                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9061014                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           400707                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                      3259244                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14976241                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8231181                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5915227                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.446898                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      51387761                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     51291718                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 25550537                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 34415470                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.443322                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.742414                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6546847                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         590738                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           492268                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     75922181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.681996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.596696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     56427011     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8133810     10.71%     85.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4455745      5.87%     90.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2411043      3.18%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1335893      1.76%     95.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       570067      0.75%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       478554      0.63%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       445477      0.59%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1664581      2.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     75922181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            51778647                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              51778647                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13979102                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8265509                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     200777                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7822311                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    259967                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 47959803                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              666551                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1664581                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   132380203                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  117743806                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                        1106178                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       38683703                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  3692842270                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   48811521                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     48811521                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             48811521                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.370313                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.370313                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.421885                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.421885                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                68020458                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               37124303                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   128594                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  130201                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1727987                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                827975                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.throughput                   111303171                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2194950                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2194857                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             13046                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            13046                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           821103                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            9701                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          5568                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          15269                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           343378                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          301828                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           77                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side      1783020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side      3388598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side       397843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side       270349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count                      5839810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side     57053376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side    131002064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side     12730112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side      9815754                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size                 210601306                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             210591002                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus         1360704                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4964254488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           724500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4017252621                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        5927096055                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         895637092                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         468506529                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                       1436442                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7370                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7370                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               54598                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              54598                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        11882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         2468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        40482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        11882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         2468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.iocache.cpu_side        83454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  123936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        47528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         9852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        73754                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        47528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         9852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              2735378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 2735378                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             11237000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               356000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             2450000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           378252917                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            27436000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            43098256                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                890887                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse               509.759385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 6905559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                891396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  7.746904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           26019048250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   509.759385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6905559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6905559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6905559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6905559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6905559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6905559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       937559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       937559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       937559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        937559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       937559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       937559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  13556216106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13556216106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  13556216106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13556216106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  13556216106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13556216106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      7843118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7843118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      7843118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      7843118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      7843118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      7843118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.119539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.119539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.119539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.119539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14459.053890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14459.053890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14459.053890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14459.053890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14459.053890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14459.053890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6417                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              220                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.168182                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   554.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        45998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        45998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        45998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        45998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        45998                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        45998                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       891561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       891561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       891561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       891561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       891561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       891561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11118457121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11118457121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11118457121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11118457121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11118457121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11118457121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.113674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.113674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.113674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12470.775551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12470.775551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12470.775551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12470.775551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12470.775551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12470.775551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               1288020                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               505.688069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                10644807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1288532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.261189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle              25842000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   505.688069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.987672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6550900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6550900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3728429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3728429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       165070                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       165070                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       189835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       189835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10279329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10279329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10279329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10279329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1597921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1597921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1777729                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1777729                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        20672                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        20672                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         2669                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2669                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3375650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3375650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      3375650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3375650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40268021859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40268021859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  79880065793                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  79880065793                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    301767496                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    301767496                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20162915                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     20162915                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120148087652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 120148087652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120148087652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 120148087652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8148821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8148821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5506158                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5506158                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       185742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       185742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       192504                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       192504                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13654979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13654979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13654979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13654979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.196092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.196092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.322862                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.322862                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.111294                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.111294                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013865                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.013865                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.247210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.247210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.247210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.247210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25200.258247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25200.258247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44933.769879                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44933.769879                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14597.885836                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14597.885836                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7554.482952                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7554.482952                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35592.578511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35592.578511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35592.578511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35592.578511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2948269                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1258                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            52342                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    56.327022                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   179.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       760237                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           760237                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       590547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       590547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1499620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1499620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         4585                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         4585                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2090167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2090167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2090167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2090167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1007374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1007374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       278109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       278109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        16087                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        16087                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2668                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2668                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1285483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1285483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1285483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1285483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  26624787726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26624787726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11708735082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11708735082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    178034254                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178034254                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     14826085                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14826085                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38333522808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38333522808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38333522808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38333522808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1465041000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1465041000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2164117998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2164117998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3629158998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3629158998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050509                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050509                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086609                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086609                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013859                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013859                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26429.893690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26429.893690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42101.244771                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42101.244771                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11066.964257                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11066.964257                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5557.003373                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5557.003373                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29820.326529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29820.326529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29820.326529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29820.326529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                2340238                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          1946356                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect            62804                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             1358794                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                 776922                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            57.177320                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 157214                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6628                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1733483                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      9288                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            9                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  276268                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1103623                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1818                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          38                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 104203                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     2837106                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     11106                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           47                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  380471                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     375000                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     5508                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                         148                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 380508                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        14113255                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles           5353605                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      10974333                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    2340238                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches            934136                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                      1960258                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                 346091                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles               5695969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles               25528                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        53832                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        54284                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  1309338                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                41617                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          13363974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.821188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.197770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                11403716     85.33%     85.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  124023      0.93%     86.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  213549      1.60%     87.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                  153465      1.15%     89.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                  264643      1.98%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  105166      0.79%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                  115273      0.86%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  186335      1.39%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                  797804      5.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            13363974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.165818                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.777590                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                 5293087                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles              5922521                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                  1836128                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles                97560                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                214677                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved               97799                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                 5876                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              10774764                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                17225                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                214677                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                 5481600                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                 352411                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles       4990949                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  1741665                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles               582670                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts               9967248                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                   30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 54670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents               132191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands            6553947                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups             11886744                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups        11748684                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups           138060                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps              5636582                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                  917365                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            415822                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts         37623                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  1815514                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             1827244                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            1170543                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads           163690                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores           89610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8737156                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             452580                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                  8518295                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            27160                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        1245229                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       620627                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        325893                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     13363974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.637407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.312561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9608930     71.90%     71.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1736625     12.99%     84.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             727835      5.45%     90.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             487296      3.65%     93.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             421265      3.15%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             191133      1.43%     98.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             120060      0.90%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              63613      0.48%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               7217      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       13363974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   2685      1.53%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      1.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 94663     54.03%     55.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                77863     44.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3518      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5299330     62.21%     62.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               14840      0.17%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10732      0.13%     62.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1759      0.02%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1812344     21.28%     83.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1125275     13.21%     97.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            250497      2.94%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total               8518295                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.603567                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     175211                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.020569                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          30403276                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10338814                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8274405                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             199659                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             97460                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        94461                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses               8585899                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 104089                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           83773                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247116                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1193                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1397                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       111584                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          268                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        14213                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                214677                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                 210872                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                38123                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            9643840                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           131515                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1827244                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1170543                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            410565                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 32525                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1557                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          1397                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         28168                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        87904                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              116072                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts              8443529                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1749257                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            74766                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       454104                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                     2860324                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 1252098                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   1111067                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.598269                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                       8394111                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                      8368866                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                  3943473                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                  5568899                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.592979                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.708124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts        1277535                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         126687                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           110026                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     13149297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.631052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.572436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10035587     76.32%     76.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1461499     11.11%     87.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       536339      4.08%     91.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       329312      2.50%     94.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       237007      1.80%     95.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91157      0.69%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        98866      0.75%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        97470      0.74%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       262060      1.99%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     13149297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts             8297892                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps               8297892                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                       2639087                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      1580128                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                      40354                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   1179945                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                     93281                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                  7680197                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              130349                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events               262060                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                    22380631                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   19363835                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         119058                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                         749281                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  3793736462                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7893138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7893138                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total              7893138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              1.788041                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        1.788041                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.559271                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.559271                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                10874027                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                5958512                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                    51748                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                   51512                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                 484557                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                198633                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                198364                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse               470.505741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                 1103940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                198874                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  5.550952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          1894556454000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   470.505741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.918957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.918957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      1103940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1103940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      1103940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         1103940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      1103940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        1103940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       205398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       205398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       205398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        205398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       205398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       205398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2726676790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2726676790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2726676790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2726676790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2726676790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2726676790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      1309338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1309338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      1309338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      1309338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      1309338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      1309338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.156872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.156872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.156872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.156872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.156872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13275.089290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13275.089290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13275.089290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13275.089290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13275.089290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13275.089290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          183                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         6463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         6463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         6463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       198935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       198935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       198935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       198935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2267895657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2267895657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2267895657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2267895657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2267895657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2267895657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.151936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.151936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.151936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11400.184266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11400.184266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11400.184266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11400.184266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11400.184266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11400.184266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                 93782                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               490.645175                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2322631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 94098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.683107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           44824844250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   490.645175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.958291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.958291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1425624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1425624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       844173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        844173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        28774                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        28774                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        27671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        27671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      2269797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         2269797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      2269797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        2269797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       184725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       178548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       178548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         4789                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4789                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         2902                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2902                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       363273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        363273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       363273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       363273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2584165220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2584165220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5809552721                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5809552721                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     46614997                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     46614997                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     21574947                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     21574947                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8393717941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8393717941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8393717941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8393717941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1610349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1610349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1022721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1022721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        33563                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        33563                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        30573                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        30573                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      2633070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2633070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      2633070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2633070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.114711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.114711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.174581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.174581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.142687                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.142687                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.094920                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.094920                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.137966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.137966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.137966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.137966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13989.255488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13989.255488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32537.764192                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32537.764192                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9733.764251                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9733.764251                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7434.509649                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7434.509649                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23105.812821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23105.812821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23105.812821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23105.812821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       188355                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3483                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    54.078381                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        60866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            60866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       114750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       114750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       145883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       145883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          398                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          398                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       260633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       260633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       260633                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       260633                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        69975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        32665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4391                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         4391                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2900                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2900                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       102640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       102640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       102640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       102640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    781048941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    781048941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    869596715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    869596715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     32787753                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32787753                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     15774053                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15774053                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1650645656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1650645656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1650645656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1650645656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     18096000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     18096000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    600498502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    600498502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    618594502                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    618594502                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031939                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031939                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.130829                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130829                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.094855                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094855                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.038981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.038981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11161.828382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11161.828382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26621.665850                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26621.665850                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7467.035527                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7467.035527                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5439.328621                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5439.328621                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16081.894544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16081.894544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16081.894544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16081.894544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6628                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    186556                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   65870     40.60%     40.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    131      0.08%     40.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1925      1.19%     41.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    193      0.12%     41.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  94141     58.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              162260                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    64876     49.22%     49.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     131      0.10%     49.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1925      1.46%     50.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     193      0.15%     50.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   64684     49.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               131809                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1863192383000     97.84%     97.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               64528500      0.00%     97.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              571927000      0.03%     97.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               92721000      0.00%     97.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            40351323000      2.12%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1904272882500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.984910                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.687097                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.812332                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      3.42%      3.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        20      8.55%     11.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.71%     13.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        33     14.10%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.43%     28.21% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       10      4.27%     32.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      4.27%     36.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      2.56%     39.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.43%     39.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.28%     41.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        8      3.42%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.85%     45.30% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       39     16.67%     61.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.28%     63.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      4.27%     67.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      4.27%     71.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.43%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        6      2.56%     74.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       27     11.54%     86.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.28%     87.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        7      2.99%     90.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.43%     91.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      1.28%     92.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      3.85%     96.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.85%     97.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.85%     97.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.43%     98.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.85%     99.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.85%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   234                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  275      0.16%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3568      2.09%      2.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      51      0.03%      2.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               155408     90.82%     93.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6655      3.89%     96.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.00%     96.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.01%     97.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     97.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4603      2.69%     99.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 394      0.23%     99.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     139      0.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                171120                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7202                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1371                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1370                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1371                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.190225                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.319725                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1902171924000     99.89%     99.89% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2100950500      0.11%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3569                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2405                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     53020                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   16452     36.11%     36.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1923      4.22%     40.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    275      0.60%     40.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  26914     59.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               45564                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    16069     47.18%     47.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1923      5.65%     52.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     275      0.81%     53.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   15794     46.37%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                34061                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1873583378500     98.41%     98.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              531505500      0.03%     98.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              123925000      0.01%     98.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            29687237000      1.56%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1903926046000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.976720                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.586832                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.747542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        10     10.87%     10.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         9      9.78%     20.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      1.09%     21.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        5      5.43%     27.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      3.26%     30.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      3.26%     33.70% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        3      3.26%     36.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       15     16.30%     53.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      3.26%     56.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      1.09%     57.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       27     29.35%     86.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        9      9.78%     96.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      3.26%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    92                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  193      0.41%      0.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1035      2.21%      2.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.01%      2.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                40418     86.22%     88.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2100      4.48%     93.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.01%     93.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.01%     93.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2947      6.29%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 121      0.26%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      42      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 46877                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1217                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                367                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2392                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                567                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  367                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  200                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.465900                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.083612                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.285211                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3949860500      0.21%      0.21% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user           686482000      0.04%      0.24% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1898967291500     99.76%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    1036                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
