
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.918473                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1918473094000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1918473094000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 813863                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   813863                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            27788392408                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 306196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    69.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56188014                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56188014                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            850688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24847488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2652352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28350528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       850688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          850688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7389888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7389888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              13292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             388242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                442977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          115467                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               115467                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               443419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             12951700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1382533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                14777652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          443419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             443419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3851963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3851963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3851963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              443419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            12951700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1382533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18629615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        442977                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       115467                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         558574                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     28350528                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7389888                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               28350528                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7389888                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       50                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                130                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 27963                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 28090                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 28297                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 28045                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 27408                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 27547                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 26911                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 26768                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 27805                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 27257                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                27713                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                27329                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                27431                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                28072                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                28025                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                28266                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  7723                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  7594                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  7833                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  7543                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  7011                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  6984                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  6467                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  6223                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  7221                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  6661                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 7097                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 6780                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 7013                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 7721                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 7774                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 7822                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1918461222000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  442977                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 115467                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    402244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      3263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      3253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      3011                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      1562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      1513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      1478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      1450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     1424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     1426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     2029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     2311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     2193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                     1221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      5019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     1430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     1325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                      282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        37132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      962.378541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     229.718891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2449.750918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-67          13161     35.44%     35.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-131         5591     15.06%     50.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-195         3357      9.04%     59.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-259         2263      6.09%     65.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-323         1589      4.28%     69.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-387         1303      3.51%     73.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-451          971      2.61%     76.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-515          731      1.97%     78.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-579          647      1.74%     79.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-643          569      1.53%     81.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-707          543      1.46%     82.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-771          425      1.14%     83.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-835          308      0.83%     84.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-899          237      0.64%     85.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-963          163      0.44%     85.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1027          235      0.63%     86.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1091          101      0.27%     86.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1155           93      0.25%     86.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1219           98      0.26%     87.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1283           98      0.26%     87.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1347           85      0.23%     87.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1411          107      0.29%     88.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1475         1046      2.82%     90.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1539          157      0.42%     91.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1603           87      0.23%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1667           55      0.15%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1731           46      0.12%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1795           40      0.11%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1859           31      0.08%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1923           18      0.05%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1987           16      0.04%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2051           26      0.07%     92.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2115           19      0.05%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2179            8      0.02%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2243            8      0.02%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2307           15      0.04%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2371           14      0.04%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2435            3      0.01%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2499            3      0.01%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2563            6      0.02%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2627            4      0.01%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2691            4      0.01%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2755            1      0.00%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2819            3      0.01%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2883            2      0.01%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2947            4      0.01%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3011            2      0.01%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3075            1      0.00%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3139            3      0.01%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3203            4      0.01%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3267            2      0.01%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3331            3      0.01%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3395            3      0.01%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3459            1      0.00%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3523            4      0.01%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3587            3      0.01%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3651            1      0.00%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3779            2      0.01%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3843            1      0.00%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3907            1      0.00%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3971            1      0.00%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4035            1      0.00%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4099            1      0.00%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4227            2      0.01%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4291            1      0.00%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4355            1      0.00%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4419            3      0.01%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4483            2      0.01%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4675            1      0.00%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4931            4      0.01%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4995            2      0.01%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5059            2      0.01%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5123            1      0.00%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5315            2      0.01%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5443            2      0.01%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5699            1      0.00%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5763            1      0.00%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5891            1      0.00%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6083            1      0.00%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6403            1      0.00%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6595            1      0.00%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6851            1      0.00%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7171            3      0.01%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7235            1      0.00%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7299            2      0.01%     92.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7363            2      0.01%     92.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7555            1      0.00%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7683            1      0.00%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7747            1      0.00%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7811            1      0.00%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7939            3      0.01%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8003            3      0.01%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8131            4      0.01%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8195         2437      6.56%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8256-8259            1      0.00%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8512-8515            1      0.00%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8576-8579            1      0.00%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9152-9155            1      0.00%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9731            1      0.00%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10176-10179            1      0.00%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10368-10371            1      0.00%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13760-13763            1      0.00%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14016-14019            1      0.00%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14208-14211            1      0.00%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14339            1      0.00%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14464-14467            1      0.00%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14656-14659            2      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14851            1      0.00%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14912-14915            1      0.00%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15040-15043            1      0.00%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15168-15171            1      0.00%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15296-15299            1      0.00%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15363           16      0.04%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15424-15427            1      0.00%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15488-15491            1      0.00%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15744-15747            1      0.00%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16192-16195            1      0.00%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16387          242      0.65%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16448-16451            9      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16512-16515            9      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16576-16579            3      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16643            3      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16704-16707            2      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16768-16771            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16832-16835            4      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16960-16963            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17024-17027            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17344-17347            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          37132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                     3659130000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               11798708750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2214635000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  5924943750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8261.25                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13376.80                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26638.04                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          14.78                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  14.78                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   3.85                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        13.19                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     427838                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     93417                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  80.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3435369.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     18671288                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              292313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            115467                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            158147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           158147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       877556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total       910714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.bridge.slave        33158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.physmem.port      1002236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1035394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30431296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     30475852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5309120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5309120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.bridge.slave        44556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.physmem.port     35740416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            35784972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               35784972                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus            35392                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            32373000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1487941500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3745756604                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          376206000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                     41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                     1.345474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                     41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle              1752558313000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide       1.345474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide      0.084092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total            0.084092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21343633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21343633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10434225282                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10434225282                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10455568915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10455568915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10455568915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10455568915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123373.601156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123373.601156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 251112.468281                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 251112.468281                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 250582.837987                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 250582.837987                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 250582.837987                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 250582.837987                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        272640                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                27184                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.029429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12346133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12346133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8272160782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8272160782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8284506915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8284506915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8284506915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8284506915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 71364.930636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71364.930636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 199079.726174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199079.726174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 198550.195686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198550.195686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 198550.195686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198550.195686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9065600                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      10324                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   728853                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6356756                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1142                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          157                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  291931                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15422356                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      11466                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           367                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1020784                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4974352                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5010                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4979362                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       3836946188                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    56188014                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      56188014                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              52059797                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 324527                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1483456                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6468822                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     52059797                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        324527                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            71330046                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           38525190                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               163675                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              166554                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      15474978                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     9102456                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6372522                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               3586988416.498130                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               249957771.501870                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.065145                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.934855                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6379                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     211982                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74893     40.89%     40.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     40.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1931      1.05%     42.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  106209     57.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               183164                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73526     49.31%     49.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1931      1.29%     50.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73526     49.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                149114                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1857159489000     96.80%     96.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                91367000      0.00%     96.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               736929000      0.04%     96.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             60484575000      3.15%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1918472360000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981747                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.692277                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.814101                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4178      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175945     91.21%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6832      3.54%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5156      2.67%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 192891                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5903                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1740                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2097                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1911                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1740                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   171                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.323734                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.081545                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.392402                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        46124802000      2.40%      2.40% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           5245072500      0.27%      2.68% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1867102483500     97.32%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4179                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.iobus.throughput                       1410582                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51201                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51201                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        44556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              2706164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 2706164                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              4765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               353000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13484000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           378268915                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            23509000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            43091000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 928665                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                508.413691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                 55270512                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 929176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs                  59.483362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            38814414250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     508.413691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.992995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total         0.992995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     55270512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        55270512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      55270512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         55270512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     55270512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        55270512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       929336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        929336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       929336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         929336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       929336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        929336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13015346257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13015346257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13015346257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13015346257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13015346257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13015346257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     56199848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     56199848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     56199848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     56199848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     56199848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     56199848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14004.995241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14004.995241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14004.995241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14004.995241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14004.995241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14004.995241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       929336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       929336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       929336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11150220743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11150220743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11150220743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11150220743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11150220743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11150220743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11998.051020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11998.051020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11998.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11998.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11998.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11998.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                336065                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             65300.870394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 2448301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                401226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                  6.102050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle            6580892750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 55613.136753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   4759.199410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   4928.534231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.848589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.072620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.075203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       916024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       814969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1730993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       835407                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       835407                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       187779                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       187779                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       916024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1002748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1918772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       916024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1002748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1918772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        13292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       271918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       285210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       116714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       116714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        13292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       388632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        401924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        13292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       388632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       401924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1060624743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16925556244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17986180987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       190498                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       190498                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7757662128                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   7757662128                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1060624743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  24683218372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  25743843115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1060624743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  24683218372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  25743843115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       929316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1086887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2016203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       835407                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       835407                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       304493                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       304493                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       929316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1391380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2320696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       929316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1391380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2320696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.141459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383306                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.383306                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.173191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.173191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79794.217800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62245.074780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63062.939543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14653.692308                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14653.692308                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66467.280086                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66467.280086                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79794.217800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63513.087888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64051.519976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79794.217800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63513.087888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64051.519976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        73955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            73955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       271918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       285210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       116714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       116714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       401924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       401924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    893093257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13525299756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14418393013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       230011                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       230011                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6297401372                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6297401372                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    893093257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19822701128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20715794385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    893093257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19822701128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20715794385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1334143500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1334143500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1895431500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1895431500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3229575000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3229575000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67190.284156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49740.362006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50553.602654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17693.153846                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17693.153846                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53955.835392                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53955.835392                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67190.284156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51006.353383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51541.571006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67190.284156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51006.353383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51541.571006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                1390866                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                511.979110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                 14050029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1391378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  10.097924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle              105729250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     511.979110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total         0.999959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7815067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7815067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5852671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5852671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       183038                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       183038                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       199236                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199236                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13667738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13667738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13667738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13667738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1069668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1069668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       304510                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       304510                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        17219                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17219                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1374178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1374178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1374178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1374178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  28240934256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28240934256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10606589383                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10606589383                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    229410500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    229410500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  38847523639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  38847523639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  38847523639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  38847523639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      8884735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8884735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6157181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6157181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       200257                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200257                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       199236                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199236                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15041916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15041916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15041916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15041916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049456                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049456                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085985                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.085985                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 26401.588396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26401.588396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34831.661959                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34831.661959                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13323.102387                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13323.102387                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28269.644572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28269.644572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28269.644572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28269.644572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835407                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            835407                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1069668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1069668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       304510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       304510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17219                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        17219                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1374178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1374178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1374178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1374178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25967193744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25967193744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9940394617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9940394617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    194939500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194939500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  35907588361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35907588361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  35907588361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35907588361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1424233500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1424233500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2011219500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2011219500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3435453000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3435453000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049456                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049456                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085985                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085985                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 24275.937715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24275.937715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32643.902062                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32643.902062                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11321.185899                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11321.185899                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26130.230844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26130.230844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26130.230844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26130.230844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput               105316327                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        2023326                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2023309                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          9649                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9649                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       835407                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       346045                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       304495                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side      1858652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3651517                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count                  5510169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side     59476224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    142569036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size             202045260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus         202035148                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus        11392                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     2426591000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       237000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    1397230757                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2194639139                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
