
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000025                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    25046000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   25046000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25238                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    25236                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               98905790                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 225424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        6390                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          6390                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data             10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                29952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        19200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           19200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            766589475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            429290106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1195879582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       766589475                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          766589475                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           766589475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           429290106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1195879582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           469                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                            469                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                        29952                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                  29952                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                    65                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                    29                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                    27                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                    47                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                    41                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                    19                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                     1                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                     3                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                     1                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                   19                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                   25                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                   15                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  119                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                   46                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                   12                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                        25031500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     469                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples           67                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      285.611940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     145.316634                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     484.514157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64                33     49.25%     49.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128                8     11.94%     61.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192                5      7.46%     68.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256                5      7.46%     76.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320                4      5.97%     82.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384                3      4.48%     86.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448                1      1.49%     88.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512                1      1.49%     89.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704                1      1.49%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768                1      1.49%     92.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832                1      1.49%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344               1      1.49%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856               1      1.49%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368               1      1.49%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496               1      1.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total             67                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        1857500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  11820000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                      2345000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                     7617500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        3960.55                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    16242.00                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25202.56                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                        1195.88                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                1195.88                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           9.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.47                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                        402                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   85.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                        53372.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1195879582                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 396                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                73                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               73                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side          937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                           937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side        29952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                      29952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                  29952                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              559000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4378000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             17.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                    1632                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted              1160                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               706                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                 1266                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                     352                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             27.804107                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                     126                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                         1184                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          7                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                     1191                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                         893                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         3                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                     896                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                         2077                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         10                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                     2087                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                         915                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        17                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                     932                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   17                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            50093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedTaken          502                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Taken (True).
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedNotTaken         1130                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Not Taken (False).
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileReads         5174                       # Number of Reads from Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileWrites         4567                       # Number of Writes to Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileAccesses         9741                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileReads            8                       # Number of Reads from FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileWrites            2                       # Number of Writes to FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileAccesses           10                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.regForwards           2976                       # Number of Registers Read Through Forwarding Logic
system.cpu.agen_unit.agens                       2152                       # Number of Address Generations
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedTakenIncorrect          320                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Taken.
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          325                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Not Taken).
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredicted            645                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.predicted               406                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredictPct     61.370124                       # Percentage of Incorrect Branches Predicts
system.cpu.execution_unit.executions             4448                       # Number of Instructions Executed.
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.multiplies                 1                       # Number of Multipy Operations Executed
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.divides                    0                       # Number of Divide Operations Executed
system.cpu.contextSwitches                          1                       # Number of context switches
system.cpu.threadCycles                         11606                       # Total Number of Cycles A Thread Was Active in CPU (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCycles                                0                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU was in SMT-mode
system.cpu.timesIdled                             460                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           42717                       # Number of cycles cpu's stages were not processed
system.cpu.runCycles                             7376                       # Number of cycles cpu stages are processed.
system.cpu.activity                         14.724612                       # Percentage of cycles cpu is active
system.cpu.comLoads                              1183                       # Number of Load instructions committed
system.cpu.comStores                              865                       # Number of Store instructions committed
system.cpu.comBranches                           1050                       # Number of Branches instructions committed
system.cpu.comNops                                 17                       # Number of Nop instructions committed
system.cpu.comNonSpec                              17                       # Number of Non-Speculative instructions committed
system.cpu.comInts                               3254                       # Number of Integer instructions committed
system.cpu.comFloats                                2                       # Number of Floating Point instructions committed
system.cpu.committedInsts                        6390                       # Number of Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedOps                          6390                       # Number of Ops committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCommittedInsts                        0                       # Number of SMT Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedInsts_total                  6390                       # Number of Instructions committed (Total)
system.cpu.cpi                               7.839280                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_cpi                                nan                       # CPI: Total SMT-CPI
system.cpu.cpi_total                         7.839280                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.127563                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_ipc                                nan                       # IPC: Total SMT-IPC
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.127563                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.stage0.idleCycles                    45169                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.runCycles                      4924                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.utilization                9.829717                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage1.idleCycles                    46200                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.runCycles                      3893                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.utilization                7.771545                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage2.idleCycles                    45932                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.runCycles                      4161                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.utilization                8.306550                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage3.idleCycles                    48759                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.runCycles                      1334                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.utilization                2.663047                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage4.idleCycles                    45635                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.runCycles                      4458                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.utilization                8.899447                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                141.294375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                      560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs                    301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs                   1.860465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     141.294375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.068991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total         0.068991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst          560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total              560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total             560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     24600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     24600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     24600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total          915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total          915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.387978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.387978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.387978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.387978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.387978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.387978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69295.774648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69295.774648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69295.774648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69295.774648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69295.774648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69295.774648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           89                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           89                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     20800250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20800250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     20800250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     20800250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     20800250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     20800250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.330055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.330055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.330055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        68875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        68875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        68875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        68875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        68875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        68875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput              1198434880                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            397                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           396                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           73                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           73                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side          603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side          336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count                      939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        19264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        10752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size                 30016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             30016                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus            0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         235000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        512750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        278750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse               197.784355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                       1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                   395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                  0.002532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    141.343624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     56.440731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.004313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.006036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          469                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     20481750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6961500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     27443250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4890250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4890250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     20481750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     11851750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32333500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     20481750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     11851750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32333500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           95                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.997481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68045.681063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73278.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69301.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66989.726027                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66989.726027                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68045.681063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 70546.130952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68941.364606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68045.681063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 70546.130952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68941.364606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16699250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5777500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22476750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3986750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3986750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16699250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9764250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26463500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16699250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9764250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26463500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55479.235880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60815.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56759.469697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54613.013699                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54613.013699                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55479.235880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58120.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56425.373134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55479.235880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58120.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56425.373134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                103.103023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                     1601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                    168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   9.529762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     103.103023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.025172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total         0.025172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         1086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          1601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             1601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         1601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            1601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            97                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          350                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          350                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          447                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           447                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      7410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     21312750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21312750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     28722750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     28722750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     28722750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     28722750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.404624                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.218262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.218262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.218262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.218262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76391.752577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76391.752577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60893.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60893.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64256.711409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64256.711409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64256.711409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64256.711409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          496                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                30                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.533333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7063000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7063000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4967750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4967750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     12030750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12030750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     12030750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12030750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.080304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.084393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74347.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74347.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68051.369863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68051.369863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71611.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71611.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71611.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71611.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
