
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.630645                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2630645085500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2630645085500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 281405                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   358084                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            12294669184                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 398476                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   213.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60211229                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      76617937                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    124256256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           305952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4748752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           398080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4312560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            134021792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       305952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       398080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          704032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3690176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1535008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       1481144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6706328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15532032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             10983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             74233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              6220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             67410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15690881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           57659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           383752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           370286                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               811697                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47234139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            49                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              116303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1805166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            24                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              151324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1639355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                50946360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         116303                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         151324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             267627                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1402765                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             583510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             563035                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2549309                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1402765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47234139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           49                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             116303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            2388676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             151324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2202389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               53495669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15690881                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       811697                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         214350                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                   1004216384                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  51948608                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd              134021792                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                6706328                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       26                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               4522                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                980391                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                980205                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                980221                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                980428                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                986950                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                980709                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                980611                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                980417                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                980615                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                980431                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               979815                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               979554                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               980154                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               980076                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               980169                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               980109                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 49158                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 49026                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 50948                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 51094                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 51158                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 51463                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 51449                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 51294                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 51194                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 51021                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                50517                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                50336                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                50808                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                50591                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                50830                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                50810                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2630640666000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    6680                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15532032                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  152169                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754038                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  57659                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1131442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    973737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                   1003950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3836084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2879069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2878494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2847936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     16166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     15620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     29952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    44268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    29895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     1064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     1050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     1039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     35473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     35451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     35428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     35412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     35400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     35383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     35369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     35352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     35335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     35313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    35304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    35294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    35274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    35262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    35251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    35238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    35219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    35204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    35177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    35161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    35148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    35130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    35117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        37996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    27796.675861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    2568.021256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   33333.179984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-127          5396     14.20%     14.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-191         3321      8.74%     22.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-255         2191      5.77%     28.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-319         1656      4.36%     33.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-383         1158      3.05%     36.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-447         1048      2.76%     38.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-511          789      2.08%     40.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-575          726      1.91%     42.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-639          577      1.52%     44.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-703          474      1.25%     45.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-767          440      1.16%     46.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-831          388      1.02%     47.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-895          251      0.66%     48.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-959          273      0.72%     49.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-1023          221      0.58%     49.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1087          258      0.68%     50.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1151          159      0.42%     50.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1215          126      0.33%     51.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1279          108      0.28%     51.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1343           95      0.25%     51.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1407           80      0.21%     51.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1471          156      0.41%     52.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1535          779      2.05%     54.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1599          205      0.54%     54.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1663          146      0.38%     55.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1727          108      0.28%     55.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1791           84      0.22%     55.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1855           80      0.21%     56.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1919           53      0.14%     56.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1983           48      0.13%     56.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-2047           45      0.12%     56.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2111           58      0.15%     56.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2175           47      0.12%     56.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2239           19      0.05%     56.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2303           26      0.07%     56.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2367           22      0.06%     56.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2431           18      0.05%     56.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2495           19      0.05%     56.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2559           19      0.05%     57.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2623           11      0.03%     57.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2687           11      0.03%     57.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2751           13      0.03%     57.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2815            9      0.02%     57.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2879            7      0.02%     57.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2943            8      0.02%     57.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-3007           10      0.03%     57.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3071            7      0.02%     57.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3135           16      0.04%     57.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3199            3      0.01%     57.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3263            9      0.02%     57.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3327            9      0.02%     57.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3391            4      0.01%     57.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3455            6      0.02%     57.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3519            5      0.01%     57.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3583            5      0.01%     57.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3647           15      0.04%     57.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3711           11      0.03%     57.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3775           13      0.03%     57.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3839            8      0.02%     57.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3903            9      0.02%     57.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3967            6      0.02%     57.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-4031            6      0.02%     57.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4095            8      0.02%     57.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4159           34      0.09%     57.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4223            3      0.01%     57.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4287            1      0.00%     57.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4351            1      0.00%     57.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4415            7      0.02%     57.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4479            6      0.02%     57.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4543            5      0.01%     57.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4607            3      0.01%     57.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4671            6      0.02%     57.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4735            1      0.00%     57.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4799            1      0.00%     57.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4863            4      0.01%     57.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4927            2      0.01%     57.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4991            3      0.01%     57.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-5055            2      0.01%     57.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5183            7      0.02%     57.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5311            6      0.02%     57.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5375            3      0.01%     57.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5439            2      0.01%     57.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5503            4      0.01%     57.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5567            2      0.01%     57.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5631            1      0.00%     57.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5695            5      0.01%     57.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5951            2      0.01%     57.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6143            1      0.00%     57.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6207           18      0.05%     57.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6271            4      0.01%     57.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6335            4      0.01%     57.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6399            1      0.00%     57.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6527            3      0.01%     57.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6591            3      0.01%     57.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6655            1      0.00%     57.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6719            1      0.00%     57.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6783            2      0.01%     57.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6847           17      0.04%     58.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6911            1      0.00%     58.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-7039            1      0.00%     58.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7103            3      0.01%     58.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7167            1      0.00%     58.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7231            4      0.01%     58.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7295            3      0.01%     58.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7423            1      0.00%     58.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7487            2      0.01%     58.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7551            5      0.01%     58.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7615            3      0.01%     58.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7679            4      0.01%     58.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7743            7      0.02%     58.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7807            3      0.01%     58.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7871            1      0.00%     58.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7935            4      0.01%     58.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7999            6      0.02%     58.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8063            2      0.01%     58.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8127            9      0.02%     58.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8191            4      0.01%     58.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8255          308      0.81%     58.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8767            1      0.00%     58.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9279            1      0.00%     59.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9791            1      0.00%     59.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10303           18      0.05%     59.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10559            1      0.00%     59.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11071            2      0.01%     59.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13375            1      0.00%     59.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14655            1      0.00%     59.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17664-17727            1      0.00%     59.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18944-19007            1      0.00%     59.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19456-19519            1      0.00%     59.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21248-21311            2      0.01%     59.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21760-21823            1      0.00%     59.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22016-22079            1      0.00%     59.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23615            1      0.00%     59.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25088-25151            1      0.00%     59.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26112-26175            1      0.00%     59.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27711            2      0.01%     59.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28672-28735            2      0.01%     59.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30527            1      0.00%     59.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30783            1      0.00%     59.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30976-31039            1      0.00%     59.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31807            2      0.01%     59.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32768-32831            2      0.01%     59.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33087            3      0.01%     59.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33343           15      0.04%     59.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41152-41215            1      0.00%     59.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46080-46143            1      0.00%     59.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47360-47423            1      0.00%     59.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::52224-52287            1      0.00%     59.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::55872-55935            1      0.00%     59.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::56320-56383            1      0.00%     59.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::57984-58047            1      0.00%     59.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::58240-58303            1      0.00%     59.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65536-65599        15141     39.85%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::72832-72895            1      0.00%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::80704-80767            1      0.00%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::86848-86911            1      0.00%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::101184-101247            1      0.00%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::129728-129791            1      0.00%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::130112-130175            1      0.00%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::131072-131135          356      0.94%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::131200-131263            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::132096-132159            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::136576-136639            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::420352-420415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          37996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   300645538000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              395312713000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  78454275000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                 16212900000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       19160.56                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1033.27                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25193.83                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         381.74                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          19.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  50.95                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   2.55                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.15                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         1.26                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                   15666172                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    798379                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  98.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       159407.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     54407285                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            16743607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16743607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             763392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            763392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             57659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4522                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4522                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            131350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           131350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2382988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1892477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4279337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.bridge.slave      2382988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.nvmem.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.physmem.port     32956541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.gic.pio         3860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               35343401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2390393                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16471864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     18870001                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.bridge.slave      2390393                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.nvmem.port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.physmem.port    140728120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gic.pio         7720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           143126257                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              143126257                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1209137000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         18109692000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy             3744500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4946454076                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        35060518750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                         62055                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                     51615.482729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                         1699189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                        127440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                         13.333247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                  2575816655500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        38219.751550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.000690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          2839.791296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          3005.850612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker       0.000186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          4181.982232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data          3368.106163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks           0.583187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.043332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.045866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.063812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.051393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total                0.787590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        10006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             435821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             185768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         9923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         3635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             408641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             184604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1241986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          596408                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               596408                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            59901                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            54618                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               114519                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         10006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          3588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              435821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              245669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          9923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          3635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              408641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              239222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1356505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        10006                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             435821                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             245669                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         9923                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         3635                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             408641                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             239222                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1356505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             4367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             5353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             6220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                20819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1448                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1433                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2881                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          69705                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          63286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             132991                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              4367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             75058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              6220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             68162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                153810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             4367                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            75058                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             6220                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            68162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               153810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       122500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    304670500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    371494250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    433647250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    352819250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1462843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       232490                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       232990                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       465480                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4464429139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4055832220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8520261359                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       122500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    304670500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4835923389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    433647250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4408651470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      9983104359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       122500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    304670500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4835923389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    433647250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4408651470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     9983104359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        10006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         440188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         191121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         9924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         3635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         414861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         189480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1262805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       596408                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           596408                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1465                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1442                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2907                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       129606                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       117904                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           247510                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        10006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          440188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          320727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         9924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         3635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          414861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          307384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1510315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        10006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         440188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         320727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         9924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         3635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         414861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         307384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1510315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.009921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.028008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.025734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.988396                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.993759                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.991056                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.537822                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.536759                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.537316                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.009921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.234025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.014993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.221749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.101840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.009921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.234025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.221749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.101840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        61250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69766.544539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69399.262096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 69718.207395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72358.336751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70264.806187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   160.559392                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   162.588974                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   161.568900                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64047.473481                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64087.352969                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64066.450805                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        61250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69766.544539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64429.153308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 69718.207395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64679.021596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64905.431110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        61250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69766.544539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64429.153308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 69718.207395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64679.021596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64905.431110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               57659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    57659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1448                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1433                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2881                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        63286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        132991                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        75058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        68162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           153810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        75058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        68162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          153810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        97500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    249527000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    303784750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    355119750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    290840750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1199446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     14481448                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     14335433                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28816881                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3590732861                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3262490780                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6853223641                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        97500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    249527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3894517611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    355119750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3553331530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8052669641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        97500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    249527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3894517611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    355119750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3553331530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8052669641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    339357750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  84087677750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  82573258250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167000293750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   8396360092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   8303354060                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16699714152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    339357750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  92484037842                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  90876612310                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 183700007902                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.988396                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.993759                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991056                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.537822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.536759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.234025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.221749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.101840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.234025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.221749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        48750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 57139.226013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56750.373622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57093.207395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59647.405660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57613.045775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10003.791347                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10002.388407                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51513.275389                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51551.540309                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51531.484394                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        48750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 57139.226013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51886.775707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57093.207395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52130.681758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52354.656011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        48750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 57139.226013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51886.775707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57093.207395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52130.681758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52354.656011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    52767546                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2471907                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2471907                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            763392                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           763392                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           596408                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2907                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2907                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           247510                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          247510                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side      1724962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side      5753498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma        20327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma        50707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count                      7549494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side     54749620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side     83783741                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma        28900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma        79720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size                 138641981                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             138641981                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          170704                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4808390000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3865864500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4428402674                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          13102500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          30777250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      48142811                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             16715359                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            16715359                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8167                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8167                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        29936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio          536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2382988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart.pio        29936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.timer0.pio          536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.timer1.pio         1042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.iocache.cpu_side     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                33447052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        39180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio         1072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         2084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2390393                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart.pio        39180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.timer0.pio         1072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.timer1.pio         2084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.iocache.cpu_side    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            126646649                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               126646649                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21043000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              3977000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               536000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               527000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         15532032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374821000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         42579543250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7541054                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7077                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5712165                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1789                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                        1248                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                735                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    6540                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   146                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      226                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7548131                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5713954                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         13253219                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           8866                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     13262085                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    30586267                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      3713                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                        1248                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                735                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2774                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                30589980                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         30586267                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           3713                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     30589980                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2629433969                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   29984771                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     38337194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             34488518                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5157                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1080132                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      3980914                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    34488518                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5157                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          197896297                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          36953400                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3554                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1606                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13834370                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7870253                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5964117                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              -1415422.936618                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              2630849391.936618                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000538                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                   -0.000538                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   83028                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                856159                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse               510.881074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                60648644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                856671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                 70.795724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           19966906250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   210.109344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   300.771730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.410370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.587445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     30145271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     30503373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       60648644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     30145271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     30503373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        60648644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     30145271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     30503373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       60648644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       440996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       415675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       856671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       440996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       415675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        856671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       440996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       415675                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       856671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6006488500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5787528750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11794017250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6006488500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5787528750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11794017250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6006488500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5787528750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11794017250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     30586267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     30919048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     61505315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     30586267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     30919048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     61505315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     30586267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     30919048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     61505315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13620.278869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13923.206231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13767.265671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13620.278869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13923.206231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13767.265671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13620.278869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13923.206231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13767.265671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       440996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       415675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       856671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       440996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       415675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       856671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       440996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       415675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       856671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5122351500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4953145250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10075496750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5122351500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4953145250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10075496750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5122351500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4953145250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10075496750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    430705250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    430705250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    430705250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    430705250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11615.414879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11915.908462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11761.220760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11615.414879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11915.908462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11761.220760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11615.414879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11915.908462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11761.220760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                627599                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               511.878483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                23660456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                628111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.669227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle             657290250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   182.795545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   329.082938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.357023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.642740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6630954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6567853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13198807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5069666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      4905119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       9974785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       121275                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       114924                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       236199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       127469                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       120289                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11700620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     11472972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        23173592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11700620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     11472972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       23173592                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       184928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       184113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       369041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       131071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       119346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       250417                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6193                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         5367                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11560                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       315999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       303459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        619458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       315999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       303459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       619458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2735325750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2703937250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5439263000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5524163309                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5023911213                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10548074522                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     82678500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     77263500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    159942000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8259489059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7727848463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15987337522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8259489059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7727848463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15987337522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6815882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      6751966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13567848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5200737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5024465                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10225202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       127468                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       120291                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       247759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       127469                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       120289                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12016619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     11776431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     23793050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12016619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     11776431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     23793050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025202                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023753                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048585                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044617                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.046658                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14791.301209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14686.291843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14738.912479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42146.342890                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42095.346413                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42122.038528                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13350.314872                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14396.031302                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13835.813149                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26137.706319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25465.873357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25808.589964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26137.706319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25465.873357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25808.589964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       596408                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           596408                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       184928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       184113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       369041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       131071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       119346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       250417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6193                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5367                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11560                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       315999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       303459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       619458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       315999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       303459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       619458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2362872250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2333419750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4696292000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5228333691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4754653787                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9982987478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     70279500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     66466500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136746000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7591205941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7088073537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14679279478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7591205941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7088073537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14679279478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  91858515750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  90196579000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182055094750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13241304408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  12994136940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26235441348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 105099820158                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 103190715940                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208290536098                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025202                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023753                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024490                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048585                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044617                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046658                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12777.255202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12673.845682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12725.664628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39889.324801                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39839.238743                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39865.454334                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11348.215727                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12384.292901                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11829.238754                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24022.879633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23357.598677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23696.972963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24022.879633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23357.598677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23696.972963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     7458653                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      7094                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5520448                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1859                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                        1247                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                704                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    6666                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   134                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      226                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 7465747                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5522307                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         12979101                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           8953                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     12988054                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    30919048                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      3673                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                        1247                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                704                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2817                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                30922721                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         30919048                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           3673                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     30922721                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2631856202                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   30226458                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     38280743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             34395206                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5112                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1060216                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      3968456                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    34395206                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         5112                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          196952140                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          37242776                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3939                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1174                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     13565505                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    7793640                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   5771865                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4920851591.451757                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              -2288995389.451757                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction               -0.869727                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    1.869727                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iocache.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1478947388250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1478947388250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1478947388250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1478947388250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
