
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.139589                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5139589353000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5139589353000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 286755                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   569759                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             6048900638                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 936564                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   849.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   243647713                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     484108731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      2450688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           424832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5722240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           151040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1810944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           372032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2837824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             13771904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       424832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       151040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       372032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          947904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9105344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9105344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        38292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             89410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             28296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              5813                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             44341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                215186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          142271                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               142271                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       476826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            62                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               82659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1113365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               29388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              352352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.itb.walker            12                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               72386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              552150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2679573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          82659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          29388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          72386                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             184432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1771609                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1771609                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1771609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       476826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           62                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              82659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1113365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              29388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             352352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.itb.walker           12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              72386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data             552150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4451182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         96603                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        74912                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         172248                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      6182592                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4794368                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                6182592                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                4794368                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       12                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                732                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  5743                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  5750                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  5839                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  6096                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  6289                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  6214                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  5688                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  5956                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  5856                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  5878                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 6204                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 6723                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 6230                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 5996                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 6010                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 6119                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  4526                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  4556                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  4662                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  4674                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  5230                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  4937                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  4457                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  4557                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  4265                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  4556                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 4962                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 5050                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 4875                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 4641                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 4582                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 4382                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           1                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    5136024228000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   96603                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  74912                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     77105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      3065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      1026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                       838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                       498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                       448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                       435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                       399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                       61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      2892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      2985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      3262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     3257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     3254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     3251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     3250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     3246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     3242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                      301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        33252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      329.902562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     152.864384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1038.972369                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-67          14693     44.19%     44.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-131         5121     15.40%     59.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-195         3144      9.46%     69.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-259         2114      6.36%     75.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-323         1414      4.25%     79.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-387         1109      3.34%     82.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-451          834      2.51%     85.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-515          672      2.02%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-579          527      1.58%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-643          500      1.50%     90.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-707          311      0.94%     91.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-771          308      0.93%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-835          231      0.69%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-899          204      0.61%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-963          157      0.47%     94.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1027          279      0.84%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1091          147      0.44%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1155          117      0.35%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1219           74      0.22%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1283           80      0.24%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1347          100      0.30%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1411          111      0.33%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1475          291      0.88%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1539          116      0.35%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1603           63      0.19%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1667           43      0.13%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1731           35      0.11%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1795           34      0.10%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1859           18      0.05%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1923           13      0.04%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1987           14      0.04%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2051           17      0.05%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2115            9      0.03%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2179           10      0.03%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2243            4      0.01%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2307            7      0.02%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2371           10      0.03%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2435            7      0.02%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2499            1      0.00%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2563            6      0.02%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2627            8      0.02%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2691            9      0.03%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2755            6      0.02%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2819            2      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2883            3      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2947            4      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3011            2      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3075            3      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3139            1      0.00%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3203            3      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3331            2      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3395            6      0.02%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3459            5      0.02%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3523            4      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3587            2      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3651            2      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3715            3      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3779           10      0.03%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3843            3      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3907            1      0.00%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3971            3      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4099            5      0.02%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4163            1      0.00%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4291            3      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4355            1      0.00%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4419            1      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4483            1      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4547            1      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4803            1      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4931            1      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5059            1      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5123            1      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5187            1      0.00%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5251            1      0.00%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5315            1      0.00%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5379            2      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5507            1      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5827            2      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5891            1      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6019            4      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6147            2      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6531            1      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6723            5      0.02%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6851            4      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6915            2      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7043            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7107            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7171            2      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7299            1      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7491            2      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7555            3      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7619            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7811            2      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7939            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8003            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8067            2      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8195           29      0.09%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8256-8259            3      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8320-8323            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8451            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8576-8579            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8768-8771            2      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8832-8835            1      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8896-8899            1      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9088-9091            1      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9219            1      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9536-9539            2      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9792-9795            1      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9859            2      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9920-9923            1      0.00%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10048-10051            1      0.00%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10304-10307            1      0.00%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10755            1      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11011            2      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11456-11459            1      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11584-11587            1      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11968-11971            1      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12416-12419            1      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12480-12483            1      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12803            1      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12864-12867            1      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12928-12931            1      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13376-13379            1      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13504-13507            1      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13760-13763            1      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14083            2      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14400-14403            1      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14720-14723            1      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14784-14787            1      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14851            2      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14912-14915           11      0.03%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14976-14979            2      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15040-15043            4      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15107            4      0.01%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15168-15171            3      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15296-15299            1      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15363            2      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15424-15427            2      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15488-15491            2      0.01%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15552-15555            4      0.01%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15616-15619            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15680-15683            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15808-15811            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15872-15875            2      0.01%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15936-15939            4      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16000-16003            2      0.01%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16064-16067            3      0.01%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16131            5      0.02%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16192-16195            2      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16256-16259            5      0.02%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16320-16323            2      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16387           27      0.08%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16512-16515            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16643            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16960-16963            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17344-17347            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          33252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                     1788062000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                3723402000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    482955000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  1452385000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       18511.68                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    15036.44                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  38548.13                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.20                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.20                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.93                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.11                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      84146                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     54105                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   87.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  72.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     29945044.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      6414834                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              427545                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             427545                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               5661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              5661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             74912                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              735                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             735                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             72970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            72970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq              216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp             216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       219090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       312952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio       498180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1030222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        54502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        54502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.physmem.port       273592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.bridge.slave       312952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio       498180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1085156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      8733312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       159887                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio       996357                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total      9889556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2243648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2243648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.physmem.port     10976960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.bridge.slave       159887                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio       996357                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            12134068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               32713165                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus           256448                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           793885999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           164366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           314753000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy              432000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy             216000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1632166487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy          175306750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                        104154                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                     64818.882502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                         3632248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                        168346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                         21.576087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        51171.986670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.125486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          1262.785068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          4574.642727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst           231.301246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data          1356.639626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker      11.163681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.itb.walker       0.039070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          1464.364249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data          4745.834679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks           0.780823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.019269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.069804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.003529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.020701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker      0.000170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.itb.walker      0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            0.022344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data            0.072416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total                0.989058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        20178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        11162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             357762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             528228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         4903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         2429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             153273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             226490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        46782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         8793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             321700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             546165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2227865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::total                     2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1544497                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              1544497                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             143                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              36                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              76                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 255                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            71037                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            43117                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            57018                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               171172                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         20178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         11164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              357762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              599265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          4903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          2429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              153273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              269607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         46782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker          8793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              321700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              603183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2399039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        20178                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        11164                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             357762                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             599265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         4903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         2429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             153273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             269607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        46782                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         8793                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             321700                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             603183                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2399039                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data            13571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             5815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data            14526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                47708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           712                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           243                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           390                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1345                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          76337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          23772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          30004                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             130113                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             89908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             28533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              5815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             44530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                177821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6638                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            89908                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2360                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            28533                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             5815                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            44530                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               177821                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    185186500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    369106743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3097499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        88750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    524253495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1205998231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2287731218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2444401                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4607806                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      7052207                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1673798209                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2232599179                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3906397388                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    185186500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2042904952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3097499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        88750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    524253495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3438597410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      6194128606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    185186500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2042904952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3097499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        88750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    524253495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3438597410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     6194128606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        20178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        11167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         364400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         541799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         4903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         2429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         155633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         231251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        46813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         8794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         327515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         560691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2275573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::total                 2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1544497                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          1544497                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          855                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          279                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          466                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1600                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       147374                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        66889                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        87022                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           301285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        20178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        11169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          364400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          689173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         4903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         2429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          155633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          298140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        46813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         8794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          327515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          647713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2576860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        20178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        11169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         364400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         689173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         4903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         2429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         155633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         298140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        46813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         8794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         327515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         647713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2576860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.025048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.015164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.020588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.017755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.025907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.020965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.832749                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.870968                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.836910                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.840625                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.517981                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.355395                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.344786                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.431860                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.018216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.130458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.015164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.095703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.017755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.068750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.069007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.130458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.015164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.095703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.017755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.068750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.069007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 78468.855932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77527.146188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 99919.322581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        88750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 90155.373173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83023.422208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47952.779785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10059.263374                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11814.887179                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5243.276580                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70410.491713                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74410.051293                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30023.113663                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 78468.855932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71597.972593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 99919.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        88750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 90155.373173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77219.793622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34833.504513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 78468.855932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71597.972593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 99919.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        88750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 90155.373173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77219.793622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34833.504513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               95604                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    95604                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        14526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          243                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          390                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          633                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        23772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        30004                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         53776                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        44530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            81267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        44530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           81267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    155365000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    308892757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2656751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        76250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    450701255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1022394749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1940086762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2530241                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3952388                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6482629                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1375043791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1855159821                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3230203612                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    155365000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1683936548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2656751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        76250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    450701255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2877554570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5170290374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    155365000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1683936548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2656751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        76250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    450701255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2877554570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5170290374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28552490000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  30418768500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  58971258500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    380243500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    689742500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1069986000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28932733500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  31108511000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  60041244500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.020588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.017749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.025907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.870968                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.836910                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.395625                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.355395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.344786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.095703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.017749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.068750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.031537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.095703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.017749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.068750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65832.627119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64879.806133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 88558.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        76250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77533.331326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70383.777296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70571.705722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10412.514403                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10134.328205                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10241.120063                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57842.999790                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 61830.416644                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60067.755356                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65832.627119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59017.157257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 88558.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77533.331326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64620.583202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63621.031587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65832.627119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59017.157257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 88558.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 77533.331326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64620.583202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63621.031587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                     47579                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                     0.100447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                     47595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle              4999807573509                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.100447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.006278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total            0.006278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             47634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47634                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            47634                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     16928907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16928907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4287176010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4287176010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4304104917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4304104917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4304104917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4304104917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           47634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          47634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 18521.780088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18521.780088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 91763.185146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91763.185146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 90357.830898                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90357.830898                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 90357.830898                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90357.830898                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         61504                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5648                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.889518                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        19296                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        19296                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        19445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        19445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        19445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      9180907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9180907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3283180510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3283180510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3292361417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3292361417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3292361417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3292361417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.163020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.413014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.408217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.408217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 61616.825503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61616.825503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170148.243677                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170148.243677                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169316.606686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169316.606686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169316.606686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169316.606686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    52172743                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1753367                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1753366                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5661                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5661                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           894976                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             745                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            745                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           173207                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          153920                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side       966317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side      3599461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port        26176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port       114965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count                      4706919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side     30921472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side    118979348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port        89784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port       413728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size                 150404332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             267998065                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          148408                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4987080585                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           706500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2176927347                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4676438168                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          14970214                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          63358037                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                       1260736                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq               151186                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp              151186                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               24735                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              24735                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               216                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              216                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         4266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       290624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        15770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         2048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       312952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        38890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        38890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.apicbridge.slave          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         4266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       290624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.pc.i_dont_exist.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.pc.com_1.pio        15770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.iocache.cpu_side        38890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         2048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  352274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           18                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           15                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio            9                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       145312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist.pio           43                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         7885                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       159887                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1236136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      1236136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.apicbridge.slave          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           18                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           15                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio            9                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       145312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.pc.i_dont_exist.pio           43                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.pc.com_1.pio         7885                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.iocache.cpu_side      1236136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              1396887                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 6479664                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               492564                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                28000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              3525000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                 1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy                15000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy            145313000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy               31000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy               86000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy            11833000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy           175039167                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1024000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           307513000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            20042250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              216000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1821353005                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   73292155                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    148692338                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            136997121                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1072392                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14299557                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   136997121                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          337067923                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         173978676                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     14736464                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10677140                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   4059324                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1078995887905.232788                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              -1077174534900.232788                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction             -591.414477                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                  592.414477                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                847048                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse               510.817647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               129995405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                847560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                153.376050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          147328649500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   320.566465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    97.238420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    93.012763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.626106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.189919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.181666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     89325030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     38126450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2543925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      129995405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     89325030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     38126450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2543925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       129995405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     89325030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     38126450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2543925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      129995405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       364401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       155633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       345614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       865648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       364401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       155633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       345614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        865648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       364401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       155633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       345614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       865648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2193404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5014378720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7207782720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2193404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5014378720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7207782720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2193404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5014378720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7207782720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     89689431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     38282083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      2889539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    130861053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     89689431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     38282083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      2889539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    130861053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     89689431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     38282083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      2889539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    130861053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.119609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.119609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.119609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14093.437767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14508.609952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8326.459161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14093.437767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14508.609952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8326.459161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14093.437767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14508.609952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8326.459161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6927                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              238                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.105042                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        18078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        18078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        18078                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18078                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       155633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       327536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       483169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       155633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       327536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       483169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       155633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       327536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       483169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1880996000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4143986636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6024982636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1880996000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4143986636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6024982636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1880996000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4143986636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6024982636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.113352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.113352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.113352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12086.099992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12652.003554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12469.721021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12086.099992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12652.003554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12469.721021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12086.099992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12652.003554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12469.721021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               1634474                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               511.999389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                19647501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1634986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 12.016923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               7549500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   379.364018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   126.391213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     6.244158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.740945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.246858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.012196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5614384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2225977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      3715968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       11556329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3907488                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1533784                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2648186                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8089458                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      9521872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3759761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6364154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19645787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      9521872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3759761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6364154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19645787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       541799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       231251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       917589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1690639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       148229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        67168                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data        99931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       315328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       690028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       298419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1017520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2005967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       690028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       298419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1017520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2005967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3337683757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  15521474368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18859158125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2326474532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3256971146                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5583445678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5664158289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18778445514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24442603803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5664158289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18778445514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24442603803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6156183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2457228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4633557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13246968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4055717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1600952                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2748117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8404786                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10211900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4058180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7381674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21651754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10211900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4058180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      7381674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21651754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.094111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.198031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.127625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036548                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.041955                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.036363                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037518                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.067571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.073535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.137844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.067571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.073535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.137844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14433.164644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16915.497426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11155.047367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34636.650369                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32592.200078                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17706.786831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18980.555156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18455.111953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12184.948109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18980.555156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18455.111953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12184.948109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       172601                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            11703                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.748441                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1544497                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1544497                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       356856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       356856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        12485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       369341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       369341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       369341                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       369341                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       231251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       560733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       791984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        67168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        87446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       298419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       648179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       946598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       298419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       648179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       946598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2872959243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8335143522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11208102765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2180545468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2931248595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5111794063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5053504711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11266392117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16319896828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5053504711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11266392117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16319896828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  31052633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  33182784500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  64235417500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    405522500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    732474500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1137997000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  31458155500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  33915259000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  65373414500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.094111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.121016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.041955                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031820                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018396                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.073535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.087809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.073535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.087809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12423.553814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14864.727994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14151.930803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32464.052346                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 33520.670986                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33061.650711                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16934.259250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17381.606187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17240.578184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16934.259250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17381.606187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17240.578184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2606005785                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   34706075                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     67513326                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             62627092                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     413647                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      6441517                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    62627092                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          150899030                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          80614256                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4252332                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2649427                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1602905                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              9584663693.774578                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              -6978657908.774579                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction               -2.677913                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    3.677913                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               28549199                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted         28549199                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           285864                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups            26202333                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits               25707724                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            98.112347                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 509000                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             57796                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                       153739924                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           8861182                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     140768018                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   28549199                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          26216724                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     54013734                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                1344784                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     58192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              24037963                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                3706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             6519                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        19114                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          569                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  2889543                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               128346                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   1609                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          88045773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.152898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.410636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                34147694     38.78%     38.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  547423      0.62%     39.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                23764633     26.99%     66.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  284582      0.32%     66.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  557969      0.63%     67.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  795617      0.90%     68.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  319692      0.36%     68.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  484471      0.55%     69.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                27143692     30.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            88045773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.185698                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.915624                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                10285454                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             22943626                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 41627806                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              1270133                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1048147                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             276853450                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                    7                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1048147                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                11254615                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               13961054                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       3963789                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 41762702                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              5184927                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             275944284                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 6769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               2459328                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents              2061675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents            2717                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          329857779                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            599690764                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       599690564                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups              200                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            320509391                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 9348388                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            136043                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        137064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 11288733                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             5902057                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3230740                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           354441                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          291130                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 274390669                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             398438                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                272978735                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            57079                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6609909                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10125547                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         50893                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     88045773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        3.100418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.393656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           25312226     28.75%     28.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5904467      6.71%     35.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3803238      4.32%     39.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2580509      2.93%     42.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           25019730     28.42%     71.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1259471      1.43%     72.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           23861754     27.10%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             255558      0.29%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              48820      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       88045773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 115953     32.52%     32.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   120      0.03%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     32.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                188030     52.73%     85.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                52485     14.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            70354      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            263570476     96.55%     96.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               51118      0.02%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                46597      0.02%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             6213747      2.28%     98.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3026443      1.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             272978735                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.775588                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     356588                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001306                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         634455588                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        281402142                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    271688146                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 29                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                98                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            6                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses             273264957                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     12                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          613124                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       928259                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         6814                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3642                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       478181                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       656152                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        10356                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1048147                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                9348181                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               808638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          274789107                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            65396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              5902057                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3230758                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            220588                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                626855                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4558                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          3642                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        161804                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       161245                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              323049                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            272529284                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6113028                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           449451                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     9080043                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                27720555                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   2967015                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.772664                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     272391201                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    271688152                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                212092617                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                346983399                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.767193                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.611247                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6884729                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         347545                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           288057                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     86997626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     3.079430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.871941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29972174     34.45%     34.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4215922      4.85%     39.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1166731      1.34%     40.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     24592469     28.27%     68.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       801811      0.92%     69.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       544306      0.63%     70.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       310409      0.36%     70.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23365384     26.86%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2028420      2.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     86997626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           135649483                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             267903067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       7726375                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      4973798                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                     163952                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  27408076                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                244468826                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              411685                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              2028420                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   359731311                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  550627170                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         462650                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                       65694151                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  4912523731                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  135649483                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    267903067                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total            135649483                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.133362                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.133362                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.882331                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.882331                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               500765277                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes              324464285                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    62550                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   62544                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               88091146                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                122333                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
