
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.100000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100000000000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               100000000000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                            29067628326                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 231288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu              213331136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            213331136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu                 3333299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               3333299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu                2133311360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              2133311360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu               2133311360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             2133311360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       3333300                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                        3333300                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    213331136                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd              213331136                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                217600                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                217600                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                217600                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                217600                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                210100                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                204800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                204800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                204800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                204800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                204800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               204800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               204800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               204800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               204800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               204800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               204800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     99999960000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                 3333300                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   3301421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     26232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                       938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                       802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                       538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                       402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                       540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                       270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        26100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     8168.810421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    8140.398372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     356.874580                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65             16      0.06%      0.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           99      0.38%      0.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        25985     99.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          26100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                     1278758950                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               63884930200                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  16666500000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                 45939671250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         383.63                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13782.04                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  19165.67                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                        2133.31                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                2133.31                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                          16.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.64                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                    3307200                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                        30000.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   2133311360                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             3333300                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            3333299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.monitor-master      6666599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       6666599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.monitor-master    213331136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                  213331136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              213331136                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          6333270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy        17184426300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             17.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.numPackets                         3333300                       # Number of packets generated
system.cpu.numRetries                               0                       # Number of retries
system.cpu.retryTicks                               0                       # Time spent waiting due to back-pressure (ticks)
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::samples      3333300                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::mean           64                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    64.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::0-3             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::4-7             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::8-11            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::12-15            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::16-19            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::20-23            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::24-27            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::28-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::32-35            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::36-39            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::40-43            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::44-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::48-51            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::52-55            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::56-59            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::60-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::64-67      3333300    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::total      3333300                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::0              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::1              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::2              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::3              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::4              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::5              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::6              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::7              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::8              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::9              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::10             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::11             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::12             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::13             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::14             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::15             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::16             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::17             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::18             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::19             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::samples          100                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::mean     2133311360                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::gmean  2133311359.990499                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::stdev   6399.944145                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09          100    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::total           100                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.averageReadBandwidth        2133311360      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.totalReadBytes               213331136                       # Number of bytes read
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::samples          100                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::0              100    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::total          100                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.averageWriteBandwidth                0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.totalWrittenBytes                    0                       # Number of bytes written
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::samples       3333299                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::mean     39172.137513                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::gmean    38967.643311                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::stdev     6823.352873                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::0-32767         12686      0.38%      0.38% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::32768-65535      3289137     98.68%     99.06% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::65536-98303        26638      0.80%     99.85% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::98304-131071          937      0.03%     99.88% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         1073      0.03%     99.92% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::163840-196607          808      0.02%     99.94% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          670      0.02%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::229376-262143          670      0.02%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::262144-294911          272      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::294912-327679          270      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::327680-360447          138      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::total         3333299                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::mean             nan                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::gmean            nan                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::stdev            nan                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::0                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::1                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::2                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::3                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::4                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::5                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::6                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::7                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::8                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::9                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::10                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::11                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::12                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::13                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::14                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::15                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::16                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::17                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::18                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::19                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::total              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.ittReadRead::samples           3333299                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::mean         30000.297003                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::stdev           54.497186                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::25001-30000       3333200    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::30001-35000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::35001-40000            99      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::40001-45000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::45001-50000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::50001-55000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::55001-60000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::60001-65000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::65001-70000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::70001-75000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::75001-80000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::80001-85000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::85001-90000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::90001-95000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::min_value           30000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::max_value           40000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::total             3333299                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::samples               0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::mean                nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::stdev               nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::overflows             0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::min_value             0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::max_value             0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::total                 0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::samples             3333299                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::mean           30000.297003                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::stdev             54.497186                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::25001-30000         3333200    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::30001-35000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::35001-40000              99      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::40001-45000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::45001-50000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::50001-55000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::55001-60000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::60001-65000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::65001-70000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::70001-75000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::75001-80000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::80001-85000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::85001-90000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::90001-95000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::95001-100000              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::overflows                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::min_value             30000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::max_value             40000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::total               3333299                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::samples          100                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::mean            1                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            1                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::0              0      0.00%      0.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::1            100    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::total          100                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::samples          100                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::0           100    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::1             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::2             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::3             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::4             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::5             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::6             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::7             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::8             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::9             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::total          100                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.readTransHist::samples             100                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::mean              33333                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::gmean      33333.000000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::stdev                 0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::20480-22527            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::32768-34815          100    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::total               100                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::samples            100                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::mean                 0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::stdev                0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::0                  100    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::1                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::3                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::4                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::5                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::6                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::7                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::8                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::9                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::10                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::11                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::12                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::13                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::14                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::15                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::16                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::17                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::18                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::19                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::total              100                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
